Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Custom Code

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Custom Code

Modified on: Mon, 26 Aug, 2024 at 7:38 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * **TABLE OF CONTENTS**
    * What is Custom Code?
    * How it works
      * Add Action
      * Programming Language
      * Property to be included in code
      * Code Editor
      * Enhanced console support
      * External HTTP Request
      * Test your Code
    * Points to Remember

# **What is Custom Code?**

Custom Code is a powerful tool that will allow users to create custom logic they want to achieve and are not available currently. This provides flexibility and control beyond the pre-built actions, enabling users to automate complex tasks and integrate with various services not natively supported. This is a Premium Action.

# **How it works**

## **1\. Add Action**

  * In the workflows select the "+" icon to add an action and search for "Custom Code".

## **  
**

## **2\. Programming Language**

  * The code can be written in JavaScript. This will be the default language selected.

## **3\. Property to be included in code**

  *  Now what if there are values in the triggers or actions above the custom code and you want to use them in the code. That's where this field comes to use.
  * These fields allow us to reference values from previous steps in our code by adding them to a dictionary called InputData.
  * You can enter the Key in the "Key" input field and assign a value to it by selecting the value through the custom value picker.
  * You can add multiple properties by clicking on "Add Property"
  * For example, if a trigger gives us information about a customer, which we then need to manipulate, we can add their name to the _Input Data_  fields and reference it with _i inputData.keyName or inputData['keyName']_____

## **4\. Code Editor**

  * You can write the code in the Code Editor
  * A sample code is pre populated for your reference.
  * Output should also be written in the code formatter itself.
  * Output should be a JavaScript Object or Array of Objects.

## **5.  ****Enhanced console support**

This feature captures and logs all `console.log` outputs from user code, allowing user to debug and monitor the code more effectively.

## **6\. External HTTP Request**

  * Custom code supports external HTTP requests
  * Click on "HTTP Request" button above the code editor
  * Select from the following -
    * Get Method
    * Post Method
    * Put Method
    * Patch Method
    * Delete Method
    * Head Method
    * Options Method
  * The selected request will populate at the bottom in the code editor

****  

****

## **7\. Test your Code**

  * Testing the code is a mandatory step, if the test is not done then user will not be able to use the output of the code in the subsequent steps.
  * To test the code click on the "Run Test" button.
  * Post clicking on Run test button, if there are no errors in the code them it will show "Test Result Success" and if there is an error in code then the result will be "Test Result Failed" and you would have to recheck the code to remove the error.  

7\. Return a response directly from their custom code.  

**Key Benefits:**

  * This improvement allows for a more streamlined coding experience, making it easier to write, debug, and manage custom asynchronous code.
  * This new capability simplifies handling asynchronous operations and improves the overall efficiency of custom scripts.

# **Points to Remember**

  * Custom value will not be passed when you are testing your code.Only the contact information will be passed when testing a code. Other properties used in the code will not pass while testing.
  * Testing the code is mandatory. No output will be available for untested code in subsequent action.
  * Use the Property fields to assign key names and map values from previous steps. Use inputData.keyName or inputData['keyName'] to access the values within the code.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Weebly Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239750-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-weebly-website)
  * [Adding Custom CSS/JS in community group](/support/solutions/articles/155000002165-adding-custom-css-js-in-community-group)
  * [Hydration event in custom code in Funnels](/support/solutions/articles/155000002421-hydration-event-in-custom-code-in-funnels)
  * [Workflow Action - Custom Code](/support/solutions/articles/155000003362-workflow-action-custom-code)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
