Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Getting Started w/ Workflows](/support/solutions/folders/155000000735)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Getting Started w/ Workflows](/support/solutions/folders/155000000735)
  6. Appointment Options in If-else action

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Appointment Options in If-else action

Modified on: Wed, 23 Oct, 2024 at 12:32 AM

What's New ?

  * We've introduced appointment variables in If-else action that allows users to select and customise workflows behaviour on the basis of appointment events.
  * Now, customers can create new branches based on whether an appointment was rescheduled or not for that execution.
  * Customers can also use Start date and end date of an appointment in the if/else action
  * The users will have 3 new options in if-else conditions to select from:

  1. Appointment Rescheduled - Denotes whether the appointment was rescheduled for that specific executions
  2. Start Date - Refers to the start date of the appointment event
  3. End Date - Refers to the end date of the appointment event

How it works?

  * Select Appointment option in the if/else branch dropdown
  * Now you can select from the following options - Appointment Rescheduled, Start Date and End Date

Note : Either or both of triggers - Appointment Status or Customer booked appointment needs to selected for this option to be available.

Real Life Use Cases:

  * Streamline workflow branches according to condition - whether the appointment was rescheduled or not.
  * Similarly workflow actions can be reordered making use of Start Date and End Date of an appointment.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Workflow Notes, Action Notes & Sticky Notes](/support/solutions/articles/155000003914-workflow-notes-action-notes-sticky-notes)
  * [Workflows Starter Plus Plan - Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000003971-workflows-starter-plus-plan-pricing)
  * [Workflows - Advanced Filters & Smart List](/support/solutions/articles/155000003974-workflows-advanced-filters-smart-list)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Update Appointment Status](/support/solutions/articles/155000003364-workflow-action-update-appointment-status)
  * [Workflow Action - DND Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000003270-workflow-action-dnd-contact)
  * [Workflow Action - Set Event Start Date](/support/solutions/articles/48001202723-workflow-action-set-event-start-date)
  * [Action - Send SMS](/support/solutions/articles/155000002474-action-send-sms)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
