Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. In app call for IVR

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# In app call for IVR

Modified on: Tue, 21 May, 2024 at 7:14 AM

In this Article  

  * #### What is In app call for IVR?

  * #### How to configure?

  * #### What are the supported communication channels? 

  * #### What happens if I want to choose multiple channels?

#   

#### **What is In app call for IVR?**

Previously, our IVR system only allowed calls to be routed to phone numbers. Now, we've added a feature that lets you route these IVR calls to either a staff member's mobile phone or their GHL app (both web and mobile versions).

#### **How to configure?**

  * Go to Settings -> My staff
  * Click on Edit and go to "Call & Voicemail Settings" section.
  * Select from a set of options in the "Default channel for IVR"
  * Web app - Receive IVR calls on GHL web app
  * Mobile app
  * My Phone number

Mobile app :  

Web app: 

#### **What are the supported channels?**

Currently a staff member can choose either of the below as the default mode of communication for IVR

  * Web app - Receive IVR calls on GHL web app
  * Mobile app - Receive IVR calls on GHL mobile app
  * Phone number - Recieve IVR calls on phone number

####   

#### **What happens if I want to choose multiple channels?**

Currently only a single option is given as a default channel. Staff member can only pick one channel. The ability to select multiple channels is not available right now. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [A List of Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002294-a-list-of-workflow-actions)
  * [What is LC - Phone System?](/support/solutions/articles/48001223546-what-is-lc-phone-system-)
  * [End IVR call](/support/solutions/articles/155000002285-end-ivr-call)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
