Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  6. Recurring Appointments

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Recurring Appointments

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 10:56 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * How to Set Up Recurring Appointments in a Calendar
  * Recurrence Settings
  * Handling Unavailable Slots
  * Creating Recurring Appointments via the In-App Appointment Modal
  * Steps to Create a Recurring Appointment
  * Limitations

* * *

### **Overview**

Recurring appointments are appointments that repeat based on the recurrence settings configured. You have two methods to create a recurring appointment:

  1. Set Up Recurrence in Calendar Settings
  2. Custom Recurrence in the Appointment Modal

**Set Up Recurrence in Calendar Settings** :

  * Configure the recurrence rules in your calendar settings. This setup applies when someone books an appointment through the booking widget or scheduling link, or when creating an appointment using the **DEFAULT** Date & Time tab in the in app appointment modal.

**Custom Recurrence in the Appointment Modal** :

  * When creating an appointment using the **CUSTOM** Date & Time tab in the in app appointment modal, you can set a specific recurrence rule for that appointment series. This custom recurrence will override the calendar configuration.

**Please Note** : For appointments with custom recurrence rules, your availability is not considered. The system will book slots based on the recurrence rules you set, regardless of your actual availability.

* * *

### **How to Set Up Recurring Appointments in a Calendar**

**1\. Navigate to Calendar Settings:  **Go to Calendar Settings and select the calendar you want to configure.

**2\. Ensure Basic Setup:  **Make sure no date-specific hours are added and only one team member is assigned to the calendar.

**3\. Enable Recurring Meetings:  **Go to the Availability tab and toggle on Recurring Meeting.

**4\. Configure Recurrence Settings:  **Set the recurrence according to your needs and click Save.

* * *

### **Recurrence Settings**

  1. **Repeat:  **Choose the frequency of the recurrence (Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Custom).

  2. **Times to Repeat:  **Specify how many times the recurring appointment should occur. For example:

     * Daily: Repeats every day for the specified number of times.
     * Weekly: Repeats every week on the same day for the specified number of times.
     * Monthly: Repeats every month on the same date for the specified number of times.
     * Custom: Allows for a custom recurrence pattern.

**Note** : Maximum number of recurrences allowed is **24**. These settings will apply when appointments are booked through the booking widget or the **default** date and time settings in the in-app appointment modal.

* * *

### **Handling Unavailable Slots:**

  1. **Skip Booking Unavailable Slots:**

     * Unavailable slots are skipped, and only available slots are booked. For example, if you need 10 appointments and 3 slots are unavailable, only 7 appointments will be booked.
  2. **Continue Booking:**

     * Appointments are booked even if the slot is unavailable. You can decide whether the status of these overlapping slots should be Confirmed or Unconfirmed.
  3. **Book Next Available Slot:**

     * Unavailable slots are skipped, and the system will find the next available slot to meet the recurrence rule. For example, if you need 10 appointments and 3 slots are unavailable, the system will find 3 additional available slots to meet the recurrence rule and book 10 appointments in total. This would mean unavailable slots in between would be skipped and next available slot would be booked.

* * *

### **Creating Recurring Appointments via the In-App Appointment Modal**

You have two options for setting up recurring appointments in the in-app appointment modal:

  1. **Using the Default Tab** :

     * This tab will adhere to the recurrence settings already configured in the calendar. If the calendar is set up for recurring appointments, it will display the available recurring slots. If it's a standard calendar, only a single slot will be shown.

**2\. Using the Custom Tab** :

  * This tab allows you to define a custom recurring rule specifically for the appointment you're creating. This custom rule will apply only to that particular series of appointments and will not affect any other appointments or calendar settings. 
  * Irrespective of whether recurring is set up in a calendar or not, a custom recurrence can always be created directly from the in-app appointment modal (not supported for class booking and service calendars).

**Note:** Custom recurring appointments will override all default rules and availability checks.

#### 

    Note: Custom Recurring and Bulk Edit / Delete enhancements to the Recurring Appointments feature are available exclusively for custom appointments created via the in-app appointment modal.

#### Steps to Create a Recurring Appointment

**1\. Create New Appointment** :

  * Go to **Create New Appointment** , select the calendar, team member, and contact.

**2\. Configure Recurrence** :

  * Navigate to the **Date and Time** section and choose **Custom**.
  * Check the **Recurring Event** checkbox.
  * Select your recurrence pattern from the dropdown or click on **Custom** to define a specific recurrence rule.

**3\. Set Recurrence End** :

  * Decide when the recurring appointments should end:
    * **Never** : The recurrence will continue indefinitely.
    * **On a Specific Date** : Set an end date for the recurrence.
    * **After X Number of Occurrences** : Specify after how many times should the recurrence end.

**4\. Save and Create** :

  * Configure the settings as needed and click on **Create Appointment** to create the appointment.

Your custom recurring appointment is now set up according to the specified rules.

* * *

With this setup, all recurring instances are linked to the single appointment. You can choose to:

  * **Edit or Delete All Occurrences** : Modify or remove all instances of the recurring appointment.
  * **Edit or Delete a Specific Occurrence** : Make changes or delete only a specific instance of the recurring appointment.
  * **Edit or Delete Future Occurrences** : Adjust or remove only the upcoming instances of the recurring appointment, leaving past occurrences unchanged.

* * *

### **Limitations**

  * Custom recurring appointments created through the in-app appointment modal will not appear in the appointment list view.
  * Calendar notifications are not sent for custom recurring appointments at this time.
  * Service and class booking calendars do not support custom recurring appointments.
  * Canceling or rescheduling a custom recurring appointment using the cancellation/reschedule link or through the Contacts/Conversations tab will affect the entire series.
  * Only one meeting link (Zoom, Google Meet, or Microsoft Teams) will be generated for the entire series of appointments.
  * Outlook Sync Limitations:
    * Appointments created in the system and synced to Outlook will not sync back if any changes are made in Outlook.
    * Frequently deleting appointments in the system may affect the syncing experience with Outlook.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Consent checkbox for compliance](/support/solutions/articles/155000001032-consent-checkbox-for-compliance)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)

## You may like to read -

  * [Configure Recurring Calendar Appointments](/support/solutions/articles/48001230991-configure-recurring-calendar-appointments)
  * [Collect Payments with Recurring Appointments (Booking Widget)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003451-collect-payments-with-recurring-appointments-booking-widget-)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Appointment Status](/support/solutions/articles/155000002619-workflow-trigger-appointment-status)
  * [Appointment scenarios in Workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000002697-appointment-scenarios-in-workflow)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
