Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. How to use Email Template Builder in the Workflow Send Em...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to use Email Template Builder in the Workflow Send Email Action

Modified on: Tue, 11 Jun, 2024 at 10:50 AM

[](https://youtu.be/Nrhg0vIQJKk)

The email template builder is now integrated into our "Send Email" workflow action. With this you can now view and edit email templates directly in the workflow!

Key Benefits

  * Streamlined User Experience: Say goodbye to the hassle of navigating between tabs. Now, you can conveniently view and edit your email templates within the workflow environment, streamlining your user experience and enhancing productivity.
  * Reduced Back-and-Forth: Bid farewell to the back-and-forth confusion. By eliminating the need to toggle between different sections, you can focus on creating workflows seamlessly, ensuring swift and efficient execution.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Trigger - Order Submitted](/support/solutions/articles/155000003535-trigger-order-submitted)
  * [Action - WhatsApp](/support/solutions/articles/155000003531-action-whatsapp)
  * [Action - Course Grant Offer](/support/solutions/articles/155000003378-action-course-grant-offer)
  * [Sending Priority - From Name & Address](/support/solutions/articles/48000979925-sending-priority-from-name-address)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
