Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [A2P registration](/support/solutions/folders/155000000021)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [A2P registration](/support/solutions/folders/155000000021)
  6. Important Notice: Verify Your Sole Proprietor Brands OTP

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Important Notice: Verify Your Sole Proprietor Brands OTP

Modified on: Tue, 11 Jul, 2023 at 11:10 PM

## Introduction:

We want to ensure you're aware of an important update regarding your existing Sole Proprietor Brands. If you have one or more Sole Proprietor Brands created before October 4, 2022, and have not completed **One Time Password (OTP) verification** , please read on for the necessary steps to avoid any disruptions.

## What You Need to Know:

To maintain your registered legacy Sole Proprietor Brands, you must confirm your identity by updating them with **a mobile phone number of the business location that is being registered** and a **Brand name** before July 5, 2023.

## Verification Process:

Once you've added a mobile phone number to your Brand, you'll receive a One Time Password (OTP) verification code **via SMS**. Within 24 hours, **reply back with 'YES'** to confirm registration and convert your Brand to Verified status. It's crucial to complete this process **before July 5, 2023, to prevent additional filtering**. After August 31, 2023, **any unverified Sole Proprietor Brands and their associated Campaigns will be removed** , and **messaging services tied to those brands will be blocked**.

## Extended Deadline:

Previously, the June 1, 2023 deadline was communicated for Brand OTP verification. However, we're extending the deadline to July 5, 2023, providing you with more time to complete OTP verification for your Sole Proprietor Brands created before October 4, 2022.

## Reason for Verification:

The U.S. telecommunications industry requires mobile number verification for Sole Proprietors to combat brand registration abuse.

## What You Need to Do:

By July 5, 2023, complete the OTP verification process for your existing Sole Proprietor Brands.

## Consequences of Inaction:

Failure to complete the OTP verification by July 5, 2023, will result in increased filtering of message traffic sent under unverified brands. After August 31, 2023, unverified existing Sole Proprietor Brands, along with their associated Campaigns, will be unregistered and removed.

In such cases, you'll need to restart the registration process for these Brands and Campaigns, incurring associated costs. The following fees apply for Sole Proprietor brands:

  * One-time Sole Proprietor Brand registration fee: $4 (exempt for previously converted Starter Brands)
  * One-time Campaign vetting fee: $15 (existing Campaigns exempt for now)
  * Monthly Sole Proprietor Campaign fees: $2 (applicable to existing and new Campaigns)

## Conclusion:

We urge you to take prompt action and complete the OTP verification process for your Sole Proprietor Brands to avoid any disruptions or additional costs. If you have any questions or need assistance, please don't hesitate to reach out to us.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [US Phone Number Registrations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002380-us-phone-number-registrations)
  * [[A2P Registration] Opt-In Form - Terms and Conditions Guidelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001426--a2p-registration-opt-in-form-terms-and-conditions-guidelines)
  * [A2P 10DLC Brand Approval Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000000508-a2p-10dlc-brand-approval-best-practices)
  * [A2P Sole Proprietor Brands Registration](/support/solutions/articles/155000000340-a2p-sole-proprietor-brands-registration)

## You may like to read -

  * [A2P Sole Proprietor Brands Registration](/support/solutions/articles/155000000340-a2p-sole-proprietor-brands-registration)
  * [Pricing and Fees for the A2P 10DLC Service](/support/solutions/articles/155000000234-pricing-and-fees-for-the-a2p-10dlc-service)
  * [Enhanced Email Verification for Campaigns!](/support/solutions/articles/155000003090-enhanced-email-verification-for-campaigns-)
  * [US Phone Number Registrations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002380-us-phone-number-registrations)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
