Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Hide and Show Elements on Button Click (Funnels & Web...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Hide and Show Elements on Button Click (Funnels & Websites)

Modified on: Tue, 9 Jan, 2024 at 9:17 AM

Introducing a powerful enhancement to our platform with the addition of the "Show/Hide Elements on Click" feature. This new button action empowers users to dynamically hide or reveal hidden elements on both mobile and desktop views, providing greater flexibility and interactivity in designing and presenting content.

**Covered in this article:**

[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000000566?portalId=48000045315#Where-to-set-the-Language-Settings?)

  * How it Works
  * Hiding Elements
  * Showing Elements

[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000000566?portalId=48000045315#Where-to-set-the-Language-Settings?)

* * *

## **How it Works**

Users can add an interactive layer to their designs by hiding or revealing hidden elements upon a click event. This functionality enhances user engagement and allows for more dynamic and user-friendly page interaction.

**Sites** > **Funnels/Websites** > **Choose the Funnel or Website** > **Edit  **> **Button Element  **> **Show/Hide Elements on Button Click**

##   

****  

## **Hiding Elements**

Add an interactive layer to designs by hiding elements when a button is clicked. 

1\. In the funnel or website builder, choose the _**Button elemen**_**t** that you want to use.

2\. On the right side of the screen, you'll find the element settings. Under **_General_** , scroll all the way down to "**_Button Actions_** ".

3\. Choose "**_Hide Elements"_** from the dropdown. Click on the button that says "_**No Elements**_ " and choose the element or elements that you'd like to hide when the button is clicked. 

4\. You can choose an **_element_** , a _**section**_ , a _**  column,**_ or _**  column rows**_. Once done choosing which ones to hide, click the **_Save_** button, and preview your funnel or website to test.

## **Showing Elements**

**Similarly, you can reveal hidden elements when a button is clicked.**

1\. Select an element you want to "Show" from a "Hidden" state and go to **_Advanced Settings_**. For this example, we will be using a Form to be revealed when a button is clicked.

2\. Locate the **_Visibility_** section. Click on each mobile and desktop visibility buttons to "hide" the elements in both views.

3\. In the funnel or website builder, choose the _**Button element**_ that you want to reveal the hidden element  when clicked.

4\. On the right side you'll find the element settings. Under **_General_** , scroll down to "**_Button Actions_** ".

5\. Choose "**_Show Elements"_** from the dropdown. Click the "_**No Elements**_ " button and choose the element or elements that you'd like to show when the the button is clicked. 

**Helpful Tip** : 

    Name your element/s with an identifying label so it's easier to find them from the list.

6\. Once you have chosen which element/s to show when the button is clicked, click the **_Save_**  button, and preview your funnel or website to test. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Hide Email Elements on Mobile View](/support/solutions/articles/48001222032-hide-email-elements-on-mobile-view)
  * [How to Enhance Your Images in the Funnel and Website Builder with the Image Action Feature](/support/solutions/articles/155000003106-how-to-enhance-your-images-in-the-funnel-and-website-builder-with-the-image-action-feature)
  * [Step by Step guide to Creating Custom Unsubscribe Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001175857-step-by-step-guide-to-creating-custom-unsubscribe-links)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
