Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Action - Facebook & Instagram Interactive Messenger

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Facebook & Instagram Interactive Messenger

Modified on: Thu, 5 Sep, 2024 at 4:45 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Overview
    * Action Name
    * Action Description
    * Action Details
    * Example
    * Important Points

##   

## Overview

There are 2 new actions in the "Communications" category.

  * Facebook Interactive Messenger - This action is used to send DM to the contacts on Facebook.
  * Instagram Interactive Messenger - This action is used to send DM to the contacts on Instagram.

## Action Name

Facebook Interactive Messenger

Instagram interactive Messenger

## Action Description

  * These actions are amazing feature to drive more sales and conversations with the customers on Facebook and Instagram**.**
  * These can be used along with Facebook & Instagram triggers to attract and engage with customers when they're ready.
  * Using these actions you can instantly engage with each comment so you attract customers faster than ever before and never miss an opportunity with a potential lead.

## Action Details

### **1\. The Action**

On selecting any of the above mentioned actions the sidebar will open where you can capture all the relevant details.

### **2\. Reply Type**

First thing to do here is to select the "Reply Type". You have 2 options to select from, Reply to DM and Reply to comment via DM

  * **Reply to DM - **This is to be selected when you want to send an outbound message to the customer based on a direct message received from the customer.
  * Reply to comment via DM**  - **This is to be selected when you want to send an outbound message based on the comment made by the customer. If you want to use multiple actions in the same workflow remember that first action will be a "Reply to comment via DM" and subsequent actions will be "Reply to DM".

### **3\. Template & Message**

After selecting the reply type we have to configure the message that needs to be sent. You can select from pre existing templates or even right your own message.

### **4\. Attachment**

User also have the ability to attach files. Click on "Add attachment" and select an attachment from your drive or enter the URL to add the files.

### **5\. Adding the Buttons  **

You can also add buttons with your messages. Now what are buttons, buttons are a great way to communicate with your customers and gives you the functionality to perform actions based on the button selection, share your number or share the website link.

Click on "Add Button" to add the buttons, you can add upto 3 buttons. 

### **6\. Button Types**

There are 3 types of buttons to select from -

   **a. Open website** \- Add a URL to this button. Enter the link here and user will go to that link when button is clicked.

**   b. Call Number** \- You can enter the number here and user can call on that using this button.

**   c. Perform Actions **\- This button can be used to further progress the conversation with the customer. You can add             actions after this button to continue the flow.

### **7\. Add Buttons**

The first thing to be added in a button is the Button Name. Next is the selection from the 3 button types and last is        entering the phone number or URL for Call or Website button respectively.

### **8\. Default Wait Time**

This is a mandatory step. By default a wait time for 1 minute is added and it will be editable. After the given time has passed the contact will go to the "Default Branch"

### **9\. Default Branch**

A default branch will be available for the action all the time. If no reply is received from the customer or the "Call" action button is selected the contact will move to this branch.

## Example

You have added a new post on Facebook and you want to connect with the contacts that are interested in buying the course that you shared on the post. 

You can select the post in the "Facebook - Comment(s) on a post trigger and select any keyword that will fire the trigger.

When the workflow is triggered you can use the GPT action to check the sentiment and prepare a response. The same response can be added in the Facebook Interactive Messenger.

In addition to the message you can also select buttons. These buttons will perform various functions like "call", "open website" or perform any other action to continue the conversation.

##   

## Important Points

  * Upto 3 buttons can be added in the Interactive Messenger action.
  * No further actions can be added after the "Call" button. 
  * After the call button the contact will directly move to the Default Branch.
  * By default a wait of 1 minute is added which is editable.
  * If no button is selected, contact will go to the "Default Timeout" branch.
  * If Reply to DM is selected, the system will check if there is any conversation that happened within the last 24 hrs and if yes then it’ll send a message else it’ll fail to send.
  * If you want to use multiple actions in the same workflow remember that first action will be a "**Reply to comment via DM** " and subsequent actions will be "Reply to DM".
  * If Reply to comment via DM type is selected, the message will send even if there is no reply from the customer's end.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [Facebook & Instagram comment automation FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002180-facebook-instagram-comment-automation-faqs)
  * [Facebook & Instagram comment automation](/support/solutions/articles/155000002055-facebook-instagram-comment-automation)
  * [Facebook / Instagram - Interactive Messenger](/support/solutions/articles/155000002173-facebook-instagram-interactive-messenger)
  * [How to use Facebook comment automation for Facebook Groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000002147-how-to-use-facebook-comment-automation-for-facebook-groups)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
