Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. If Else New Features

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# If Else New Features

Modified on: Mon, 12 Feb, 2024 at 1:22 PM

### More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/10Yrpr_wJsQ>

<https://youtu.be/TX9VCxsidQk>

<https://youtu.be/n373HtgufNw>

<https://youtu.be/gAtorVDdXgU?si=HPUQET5YBcaRD5s6>

## What is If Else?

If/Else lets you build advanced workflows to perform different actions based on different conditions. If/Else uses conditional logic: if A happens in your trigger app, then do X. If B happens, then do Y, and so on.

## **New Features**

1\. Duplicate branch

  * Save time and effort by effortlessly copying existing branches. No need to rebuild from scratch. Click the three dots menu on a branch and choose "Duplicate Branch."
  * The copied branch will appear below the original with "(copy)" added to its name. You can rename it as needed.

2\. Reorder any branch

  * Organise your workflow visually by dragging and dropping branches. 
  * Click the "Reorder Branches" icon to reorder the branches.
  * You can't reorder the "None" branch, but you can easily move all other branches.  

3\. Rename None branch

  * You can now name the "None" branch for better organisation. 
  * Just click on the branch name and type in your desired name. 
  * Make sure to enter a Branch Name as it can’t be left empty.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflows vs Campaigns/Triggers (Deprecated features)](/support/solutions/articles/48001229927-workflows-vs-campaigns-triggers-deprecated-features-)
  * [Trigger - Payment Received](/support/solutions/articles/155000003534-trigger-payment-received)
  * [ConvertKit to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003393-convertkit-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
