Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  6. How to Use GIFs in Communities for Posts and Comments

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use GIFs in Communities for Posts and Comments

Modified on: Sun, 18 Aug, 2024 at 11:08 AM

Enhanced GIF Support:

Get ready for a whole new level of interaction! GIFs are now more accessible and seamlessly integrated within communities, moving from simple attachments to vibrant inline content for both posts and comments. This exciting upgrade, available on both web and mobile, allows for:

Add a fun and dynamic touch to conversations by including GIFs directly in your posts and comments.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to make your Groups private/ public in Communities?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000735-how-to-make-your-groups-private-public-in-communities-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to Use Community Tagging Feature](/support/solutions/articles/155000001051-how-to-use-community-tagging-feature)
  * [How to add GIFs to your email?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002473-how-to-add-gifs-to-your-email-)
  * [How to post Recurring Social Posts through the Social Planner?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000648-how-to-post-recurring-social-posts-through-the-social-planner-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
