Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  6. Gamification - Points, Badges and Leaderboard

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Gamification - Points, Badges and Leaderboard

Modified on: Thu, 23 May, 2024 at 4:22 AM

Welcome to the new Gamification and Leaderboard feature by Highlevel Community! The gamification features of community makes participating inside a group more fun and engaging. Point earning creates a progression system that encourages users to produce quality content and interact with other members of their community.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Setting up Gamification
  * How do levels and points work? 
  * Leaderboard
  * Rewards

* * *

## **Setting up Gamification**

Gamification levels are **pre-defined.** Maximum levels are set to 9.

  * As a group admin, user can edit the Level Names. To do this, go to Settings > Gamification & Rewards > Gamification > Click to edit the relevant level name.
  * Make sure to hit the SAVE button.

## **How do levels and points work?  **

Points are earned when others like your posts, comments, and replies. 1 like = 1 point for the post or comment author.  

**Number of points required to reach a certain level:**

Level 1 - 

0 points

Level 2 - 

5 points

Level 3 - 

20 points

Level 4 - 

65 points

Level 5 - 

155 points

Level 6 - 

515 points

Level 7 - 

2015 points

Level 8 - 

8015 points

Level 9 - 

33015 points

**After reaching a level:**

  * **A member's profile badge will reflect their current level.**
  * **Users can accordingly see the points required to reach the next level**
  * **The circular progress bar is completed after a level is reached**

**Note that the member levels are at the group level. A member at level 3 will be at that level in that particular group. If they join another group, they will start at level 1, like all new members.**

## ****

**  
**

**Leaderboard**

Users can also view leaderboards for the group they are currently in to see how their levels stacks up against other members. This will give a preview of which courses unlock at certain levels as well as the custom level names for each group.  
You can find members who earned the highest points in the past **7 days, 30 days, and overall.**  

**  
**

## **Rewards**

  * Rewards - Group admins/ owners can choose to add offline rewards as texts. Maximum 3 rewards can be added. Example - Win $50 after reaching level 5. 
  * To add a reward (as an admin), go to Settings > Gamification & Rewards > Rewards.
  * Once Rewards are added, they are reflected on the left nav bar inside the Leaderboard Tab.

_  
_

_Note that rewards cannot be linked to any gamification level as of now. All rewards added need to be managed offline._  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to make your Groups private/ public in Communities?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000735-how-to-make-your-groups-private-public-in-communities-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Affiliate Manager Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000003668-affiliate-manager-dashboard)
  * [User / Agent Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001183037-user-agent-reporting)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)
  * [How to fix grammar and spelling, make longer content and improve writing in Funnels and Website?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001441-how-to-fix-grammar-and-spelling-make-longer-content-and-improve-writing-in-funnels-and-website-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
