Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to Sell Your Subscription Based Services & Recurr...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Sell Your Subscription Based Services & Recurring Products in Your GHL Ecom Store

Modified on: Wed, 17 Jul, 2024 at 2:40 PM

Store owners can now sell their subscription based services or recurring products in their Ecommerce stores. Many store owners had this pain point of selling subscription based items in their stores and charge user on a billing cycle. This change will help users improve their month on month sales and improve their recurring revenue.

## **How to use:**

  1. Navigate to your products (

Payments -> Products

)
  2. Edit/add a new product with a recurring price, and most importantly, enable the

 "Include in online store"

 toggle.
  3. Important:

 Navigate to your store in the page builder, you will now see some minor changes in the UI, i.e support for recurring products. Customize the pill colors and pill text colors as per your liking.
  4. Upon saving and publishing all pages, you can see recurring products being supported on our Ecommerce stores

### **Note:  **

Please save and publish all store pages, whether or not you customize the pill colors, this is important for the styles to look like how it looks on builder. If you don't save and publish, the live site will look different from the builder.

Images:

Builder Preview:

User Preview:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [How to build a custom payments integration on the platform](/support/solutions/articles/155000002620-how-to-build-a-custom-payments-integration-on-the-platform)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [How to sell products on Facebook and Instagram Shops?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004055-how-to-sell-products-on-facebook-and-instagram-shops-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
