Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to integrate Razorpay within the CRM

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to integrate Razorpay within the CRM

Modified on: Tue, 17 Sep, 2024 at 4:29 AM

Business users are able to process payments via Razorpay, a payment provider popular in India. This integration is available as a marketplace application under App Marketplace menu inside a sub-account and also available upon clicking on the Search for More options inside Payments -> Integrations

The integration provides capabilities to accept one time, custom amounts as well as recurring payments across all channels like order forms, invoices, payment links, forms, contacts page among others. This also provides subscription management like cancellation, updating a card on file or refund related capabilities

Sub-account users will be able to install the application from the App Marketplace, authenticate using the necessary API keys and granting necessary permissions to start accepting payments using Razorpay.  
  
4 essential steps are required to successfully connect to Razorpay. Refer below for detailed

  1. Install the Razorpay application from the App Marketplace
  2. Plug in your Razorpay API keys from Razorpay dashboard (**Accounts & Settings -> API keys**) into the app authentication page
  3. Copy and paste the webhook URL in your Razorpay dashboard (**Accounts & Settings -> Webhooks**)
  4. Register [](//link.fastpaydirect.com)any branded domain you are using in your Razorpay dashboard (**Accounts & Settings -> Business website details)** to successfully start accepting payments, this step is mandatory

Once the app is installed, the Authentication page would be displayed which would require you to plug in your API keys from the Razorpay dashboard. Navigate to **Accounts & Settings -> API keys **to get the API keys from your Razorpay dashboard. 

For smooth functioning of the integration in fetching the transaction statuses from Razorpay, it is required that you also paste the given link in your razorpay dashboard under Webhooks (**Accounts & Settings -> Webhooks**). Make sure that you select the following webhooks events to not lose out on any feature

Also, add [](//link.fastpaydirect.com)any branded domain that you are using inside the Razorpay dashboard (**Accounts & Settings -> Business website details**)

The application would in no way differ from the existing payment integrations like Stripe/NMI/[Authorize.net](http://authorize.net/) and would have full capabilities for payments including post purchase automations like automated sales receipts, refunds, payment received and order submitted triggers or giving discounts via coupon codes

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [What Payment Gateways supported in Affiliate manager for Product Sales?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003656-what-payment-gateways-supported-in-affiliate-manager-for-product-sales-)
  * [Setting up QuickBooks Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001153903-setting-up-quickbooks-integration)
  * [Authorize.net integration for processing payments](/support/solutions/articles/48001231144-authorize-net-integration-for-processing-payments)
  * [Facebook Pages missing in Page Selector Dropdown during integration.](/support/solutions/articles/48001234487-facebook-pages-missing-in-page-selector-dropdown-during-integration-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
