Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. Mandatory 2FA for New SaaS Sub-Accounts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Mandatory 2FA for New SaaS Sub-Accounts

Modified on: Mon, 4 Dec, 2023 at 5:57 AM

All new SaaS sub-accounts will now have to verify their email and phone number before the sub-account users can access their account.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Use Case
  * How it works?
  * Bypassing 2-Factor Authentication

* * *

## Use Case

Protecting SaaS agencies from scammers who use VoIP numbers and disposable email IDs to create multiple sub-accounts.

## How it works?

  1. We have put 2-Factor Authentication in place for sub-account admins when they login to their accounts for the first time.
  2. As soon as they log in, first we will send a verification code to their registered email address which they have to enter in order to proceed.  

  3. After email verification, the sub-account admin is asked to enter an SMS enabled phone number which will then get a verification code that they have to enter to gain access to their account.  

    A phone number can NOT be used to create/verify another sub-account till 7 days after it has been used to verify a sub-account.

## Bypassing 2-Factor Authentication

  1. There is no way for a sub-account admin to bypass the 2FA.
  2. Agency admins will have the option to manually verify a sub-account (without any code) from the sub-account's Manage Client page.
  3. 2FA is enabled by default for all SaaS agencies and sub-accounts, and can NOT be disabled.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [SaaS Mode FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002129-saas-mode-faqs)
  * [Configuring User Limits for SaaS Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001232-configuring-user-limits-for-saas-sub-accounts)
  * [How to configure contacts limit for SaaS sub-accounts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001305-how-to-configure-contacts-limit-for-saas-sub-accounts-)
  * [Pause / Resume Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001230403-pause-resume-sub-accounts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
