Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Communication Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000749)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Communication Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000749)
  6. Action - Internal notification

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Internal notification

Modified on: Tue, 27 Aug, 2024 at 6:26 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * Action Details
  * Example

##   

## Overview

The Internal Notification Action enables to create and send notifications to specific users or teams within your organization. These notifications are triggered by specific events or conditions defined in workflows, ensuring that your team stays informed about important activities and tasks.

## Action Name

Internal Notification

## Action Description

The Internal Notification Action sends in-app notifications to users based on specific triggers within a workflow. 

Supported channels:

  * Email - Send to user's email
  * Notification - Send a notification onto the notifications icon
  * SMS - Send a SMS to user's phone number

## Action Details

**        **

**Step by Step Guide**

  * **Choose the Action Type:** Select "Internal Notification" from the list of available actions.
  * **Name Your Action:** Enter a descriptive name for the action, such as "Internal Notification - SMS"
  * **Select type of notification:** Choose between Email, Notifications and SMS as channel for the notification. 
    * **Email** : 
      * Select Email to send an email to the user's Email.
      * Select From name and From email and Subject. If left blank, then Email will be sent using Default Values.
      * Otherwise select a premade template along with the message to be sent.
    * **Notification** :
      * This will send a notification that will appear on the notification icon. 
      * Select a title and message which will appear as the notification.
      * Select a redirect location which will be the redirection once the user clicks on the notification. 
    * **SMS** :
      * This will send a notification to the user's phone number.
      * Choose a template
      * Or write a custom written sms along with attachable files.**  
**

**Trigger links:  **

Trigger links can also be added in the notes using the "Trigger Links" icon.

**Recipients:**

You can specify individual users, user roles (e.g., all admins), or specific teams within to receive the notification.

**  
**

## **Example**

**Scenario: You want to notify your sales team via Email whenever a new lead comes from FB channel.**

  1. Create Workflow Trigger: Set up a workflow trigger based on new contact created with tag as FB.
  2. Add contact to the opportunity pipeline
  3. Assign to a user from the sales team
  4. Select Internal notification with Email as channel
  5. Notification Content:
    1. Subject: "New Lead Added"
    2. Body: "A new lead with a value of {{lead.value}} has been added. Please review the lead details immediately."
  6. Save and Activate the Workflow: Once the workflow is active, your sales team will automatically receive a notification whenever the specified condition is met.

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

Attachments (1)

[ Screenshot 2....png  
118 KB ](/helpdesk/attachments/155031723354)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Send Email](/support/solutions/articles/155000002472-action-send-email)
  * [Action - Send SMS](/support/solutions/articles/155000002474-action-send-sms)
  * [Action - Internal notification](/support/solutions/articles/155000003202-action-internal-notification)
  * [Workflow Action - Edit Conversation](/support/solutions/articles/155000003269-workflow-action-edit-conversation)

## You may like to read -

  * [Trigger/workflow - Email/SMS Notifications to Client/Yourself (New Lead)](/support/solutions/articles/48000982203-trigger-workflow-email-sms-notifications-to-client-yourself-new-lead-)
  * [Action - Add to Notes](/support/solutions/articles/155000003143-action-add-to-notes)
  * [Trigger - Note Added](/support/solutions/articles/155000003205-trigger-note-added)
  * [Workflow Action - DND Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000003270-workflow-action-dnd-contact)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
