Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Opportunities and Pipelines](/support/solutions/48000449589)
  4. [Managing Opportunities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000515)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Opportunities and Pipelines](/support/solutions/48000449589)
     * [Managing Opportunities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000515)
  6. Customize Opportunity Cards in Board View

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Customize Opportunity Cards in Board View

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 12:17 PM

With this feature, users can now fully customize the fields displayed on the **Opportunity Cards** in the pipeline view. This allows users to tailor the card view to show the most relevant information at a glance, improving workflow efficiency and enhancing visibility into important opportunity details.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Action 1 - Customizing the Opportunity Card
        * 1\. Accessing the Opportunity Card Customization
        * 2\. Selecting Fields to Display
        * 3\. Customizing Counters at the Bottom of the Card
    * Feature 2 - Customizing for Multiple Pipelines
    * Feature 3 - Layout Options

* * *

## Action 1 - Customizing the Opportunity Card

#### **1\. Accessing the Opportunity Card Customization:**

****  

  * Navigate to**Opportunities** section.
  * Click the **Manage Fields option** (found in the top-right corner of the opportunity board).

#### **2\. Selecting Fields to Display:**

**  
**  

You can choose up to**7 fields** to display on your Opportunity Cards. These fields include:

  * **Standard Fields:**

    * Opportunity Name
    * Opportunity Status
    * Lost Reason
    * Opportunity Value
    * Opportunity Owner
    * Opportunity Source
  * **Custom Fields:**

    * Any custom fields you’ve created.
  * **Associated Fields:**

    * Contact Name
    * Contact Phone Number
    * Contact Email Address
    * Contact Business Name
  * **Opportunity Activity:**

    * Created On
    * Updated On
    * Last Stage Change Date
    * Last Status Change Date

#### **3\. Customizing Counters at the Bottom of the Card:**

**  
**  

You can also customize the counters and icons at the bottom of the Opportunity Card by moving to the "Quick Actions" tab. The available options include:

  * **Conversations Icon** (with unread messages count)
  * **Task Icon** (with task count)
  * **Note Icon** (with note count)
  * **Tags Icon** (with tag count)
  * **Call Icon**
  * **Appointment Icon** (with next appointment date)

    When you export opportunities from the customized view, the export will include **all** **fields** of the opportunity, not just the ones visible on the card 

## Feature 2 - Customizing for Multiple Pipelines

  * Customizations are applied **per pipeline** by default. However, if there are multiple pipelines in your location, you have an additional option to apply the changes to **all pipelines**.
  * Customizations are user-specific, meaning the changes will only apply to the user making the modifications, allowing personalized views.

    Customizations you make are **sticky** to the current view, meaning they will persist until you choose to modify them again.

## Feature 3 - Layout Options

  1. **Default View:**  
Displays the selected fields with both **field labels**  and **values**.
  2. **Compact View:**  
**  
**
     * Displays only the**values** of the selected fields.
     * Hovering over a field reveals the label and additional details.

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Filtering Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000001241-filtering-opportunities)
  * [Searching for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002043-searching-for-opportunities)
  * [List View for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002432-list-view-for-opportunities)
  * [How to Decouple Owners for Contacts and Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002270-how-to-decouple-owners-for-contacts-and-opportunities)

## You may like to read -

  * [Filtering Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000001241-filtering-opportunities)
  * [Activity Cards in Conversations](/support/solutions/articles/155000001322-activity-cards-in-conversations)
  * [How to use Custom Fields for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000561-how-to-use-custom-fields-for-opportunities)
  * [How to use Custom Fields for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000521-how-to-use-custom-fields-for-opportunities)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
