Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  6. Blog and Blog Post Statuses

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Blog and Blog Post Statuses

Modified on: Mon, 20 May, 2024 at 2:43 PM

The Blog has following options of Statuses  

1\. Draft - When the Blog site is developing or users are building the content, it can be kept on Draft by just saving the content.  

2\. Published - When the Blog site is developed or the content is ready, it will be published when the user hits the Publish button with the SEO meta details.   

3.Delete - If the blog content is outdated, the user can delete the blog.  

The Blog Post has following statuses - 

  1. Save as Draft - When the blog post is not yet ready, the content needs to be updated or the settings needs to be changed the blog post can be saved as draft. 

Note - If the blog post is published, if the user wants to move the blog posts to draft. User can update the blog post by visiting the button " Update Post" and click on "Continue" to move to Save as Draft.

2.Publish - If the blog post is ready to published on the URL of blog. User can choose the date from past or today, the publish date will help in sorting the content on the live blog URL.  

3\. Schedule and Publish - If the blog post is scheduled, the user can select the option of "Schedule and Publish" by selecting a future date.  

4\. Delete - If the blog post is not upto the mark, the user can delete the blog post from the list view.   

5\. Archive/ Unarchive Post - If you would not like to view the blog post in list view, it should archived and unarchived. Archive post doesn't remove the content from live URL, if you want to move the post back to draft the user can Update Blog Post, while clicking on Continue the user can move the blog post to Save as Draft.   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Blogs Importer - Get All your Blog Posts](/support/solutions/articles/155000004034-blogs-importer-get-all-your-blog-posts)
  * [Sharing Blog Content Across Sub-Accounts via a Snapshot](/support/solutions/articles/155000003594-sharing-blog-content-across-sub-accounts-via-a-snapshot)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
