Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. Share your Review Post on social media using Social Planner

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Share your Review Post on social media using Social Planner

Modified on: Wed, 23 Oct, 2024 at 2:10 PM

Review Post automation in Social planner refers to allow users to publish the reviews coming from Google business profile or Facebook page to publish on social media profiles.  
  
**Discover the Power of Social Proof and Supercharge Your Success with Reviews!**

  * **Builds Trust and Credibility** : Immerse your audience in a world of trust! Positive reviews transform satisfied customers into your biggest advocates, establishing unwavering credibility for your business.
  * **Boosted Visibility, Maximum Impact:** Rocket your content to the top! Social media algorithms crave engagement, and positive reviews are the fuel you need. Garner likes, comments, and shares to catapult your posts into the spotlight, magnifying your business's visibility.
  * **Social Proof Spectacle** : Witness the magic of social proof! Each positive review is a shining beacon, signaling to potential customers that your products and services are not just exceptional but an absolute must-have. Let the reviews speak for themselves and watch your customer base soar!

###   
**How does uploading your own background for publishing Reviews in Social Planner?**

  1. ### **Go to Marketing > Social Planner**

2\. Click: New > Select the**  Review Post **option  
3\. Use the 3-Step Automation Form  

      Step 1:
     * Select platforms to pull reviews from (Facebook or Google). Note: You’ll need Facebook Page or Google Business Profile integration for this.
     * Choose your social accounts and star rating 
     * Decide how many posts to publish per day, week, or year.
     * Option to publish as an Instagram Story too  

Step 2:
     * Pick or upload multiple background images  (supports JPEG/PNG, 1:1 ratio, 5MB max).  
  
Step 3:
     * Add a custom caption, or use the review content as the caption
     * Choose how to display the customer’s name (Full name, first name, or initials)
     * Customize font color, background color, and opacity  

4\. Once the review post is set active, the user can go to Social Planner > Content > Review Post  
**Few Examples of Review Posting -  
**  
Example 1 - If you have connected your GMB Page, imagine that you received new review on 1st January 2024 6PM and inside Social Planner, if you have set that you would like to post 5 social posts per day at 8:37 AM. The new review will get published next day 2nd January 2024 at 8:37 AM. If you have received more than 5 reviews, it will select based on star and post only 5 social posts on selected socials.  

Example 2 - If you have connected your GMB/Facebook page, imagine that you received new review on Thursday 2PM and inside Social Planner, if you have set that you would like to post 2 social posts per week at 10AM. The new review post will get published on next Monday 10 AM based on the review stars set.**  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to schedule Posts in Bulk on the Social Planner (CSV)](/support/solutions/articles/48001223431-how-to-schedule-posts-in-bulk-on-the-social-planner-csv-)
  * [Sharing Social Planner Content Across Sub-Accounts via a Snapshot](/support/solutions/articles/48001223768-sharing-social-planner-content-across-sub-accounts-via-a-snapshot)
  * [Post Approval Flow in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001229834-post-approval-flow-in-social-planner)
  * [@Mention or Tag Profile in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000002679--mention-or-tag-profile-in-social-planner)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
