Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  6. View Calendar & Appointments in User Timezone

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# View Calendar & Appointments in User Timezone

Modified on: Fri, 4 Oct, 2024 at 8:34 PM

**In This Article**

  * How it Works?
  * Setting Your Timezone
  * Ensuring Accurate Availability
    * If Your User Timezone is Set to Your Actual Location
    * If Your User Timezone is Set to a Different Location (for Viewing Appointments)
  * FAQ

* * *

## How it Works?

Now, you can effortlessly view your **calendar, appointments and confirmation emails  **in your default user timezone, providing a more convenient and efficient experience for users across different locations. 

Imagine your **business** is in New York, USA (Eastern Standard Time - **EST**). **User A** is in Paris, France (Central European Time - **CET**), and **User B  **is in California, USA (Pacific Standard Time - **PST**). 

With the default user timezone set to CET for User A, they see all appointments in Central European Time, while User B views appointments in PST. This eliminates the need for manual conversion, letting users check appointments directly in their own timezone. 

    Note: On the Calendar View and Appointment List, you can now identify the timezone you are currently viewing in.

**Calendar View**

**Appointment List**

* * *

##  Setting Your Timezone

To set your timezone:

  * Navigate to **Settings > My Profile**.
  * Scroll to **User Availability** and set your timezone.

* * *

## Ensuring Accurate Availability:

### If Your User Timezone is Set to Your Actual Location:

  * Simply input your usual availability, e.g., 9 am to 5 pm.

### If Your User Timezone is Set to a Different Location (for Viewing Appointments):

  * Manually adjust your availability to match the selected timezone. For example, if your current location is in the UK (GMT +00:00), but you want to operate in New York (GMT -05:00), ensure to adjust your availability accordingly to align with the New York timezone.

* * *

**  
**

    **Note:** These changes are **applicable only** in the **Calendar Module:** Calendar View, Appointment List, Confirmation Emails.
    
    **To be implemented for:**
    Appointments under Contacts, Conversations and Opportunities

* * *

## FAQ

**Q: I want to see appointments in the business timezone. What do I do?**

A: To view appointments in the business timezone, set your user timezone to match the business timezone. For example, User A can set their timezone as EST to view appointments in the New York timezone.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Consent checkbox for compliance](/support/solutions/articles/155000001032-consent-checkbox-for-compliance)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)

## You may like to read -

  * [Disable Contact Timezone - How to Remove Ability to Adjust Timezones When Scheduling](/support/solutions/articles/48000982200-disable-contact-timezone-how-to-remove-ability-to-adjust-timezones-when-scheduling)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)
  * [Troubleshooting Tool for Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000003358-troubleshooting-tool-for-calendar)
  * [Setting Up Linked Calendars & Conflict Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002374-setting-up-linked-calendars-conflict-calendars)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
