Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to Configure Shipping & Delivery Rates In Ecommer...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Configure Shipping & Delivery Rates In Ecommerce Stores

Modified on: Fri, 26 Jul, 2024 at 4:58 PM

# [  
Shipping & Delivery Rates](https://highlevel.canny.io/changelog/shipping-delivery-rates)

  1. E-commerce store owners can now define manual delivery charges based on shipping zones.
  2. A zone can be created by selecting countries (by “Add Zone”) and manual rates can be defined inside a zone using Add Rates
  3. Store owners can define multiple pricing for each zone. Multiple Shipping zones can be created with different delivery charges.
  4. While defining rates, delivery rates can be defined according to the total amount in the cart. For eg- Free Shipping, if the order amount is above $500 or else, charge $10 if it's below $500.
  5. This feature can be found at 

Sub-Account > Payments > Settings > Shipping & Delivery

  6. This feature will help store owners to create differential pricing for multiple shipping zones

## [](https://youtu.be/7PosYBGySXc)  
**How to Set Up Delivery Rates Based on Weight**

Many store owners have faced challenges when they want to set up different charges based on product weight. With this new feature, store owners can now easily implement differential shipping and delivery charges for various weight ranges.

### **How to use**

Store owners can setup Shipping & Delivery charges for their e-commerce stores at: Payment > Settings > Shipping & Delivery > Add Zones > Add Rate. In addition to conditional pricing based on order amount, store owners can set a conditional pricing based on the product weight for the specific zones.

### **Notes:**

  * Store owners can create differential pricing for multiple product weights in a zone
  * While defining rates, delivery rates can be defined for specific zones according to the Product weight in the cart. For eg- Free Shipping, if the order weight is in 0-10 kg range or else, charge $10 if it's below 10kg.

Setup conditional rates based on product weights in a specific zone: 

###   

Store owners who were selling products in a specific states/ provinces only within a country, due to which there was a challenge in setting up Shipping & Delivery charges. With this feature, store owners can now define shipping & delivery charges for selected states/ province within a country.

How to use:

Store owners can setup Shipping & Delivery charges for their Ecommerce stores at: 

Payment > Settings > Shipping & Delivery > Add Zones

. While choosing zones, user can choose specific states/ province in a country. Store owners can also set a conditional pricing based on amount for the specific zones.

Notes:

  * Store owners can create differential pricing for multiple shipping zones based on states/ province.
  * Once a states/ province is added in a zone, it can't be added to another zone.
  * While defining rates, delivery rates can be defined for specific zones according to the total amount in the cart. For eg- Free Shipping, if the order amount is above $500 or else, charge $10 if it's below $500.

Images:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [How to use Printful Integration with your Ecommerce Store?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002442-how-to-use-printful-integration-with-your-ecommerce-store-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
