Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
  4. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  6. Easy Management of Documents and Contracts within Contacts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Easy Management of Documents and Contracts within Contacts

Modified on: Wed, 29 May, 2024 at 10:25 AM

  * Documents and Contracts will now be available in the document management section under Contacts
  * This will list documents associated with the contact irrespective of the criteria that the contact was a primary or a secondary recipient
  * Sent and Completed documents will be listed here.
  * Users will be able to download the PDF, view source of documents, copy link in case of sent documents

How to Use?

  * Go to a Contact

  * Click on the Document Management Icon

  * Under All tab: View Documents and their status. Also, get the ability to Download, View the source in the editor and copy link in case of send documents

  * Get all documents in a folder within Sent Tab

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)
  * [Automatic invoice creation after Document/Contract is signed](/support/solutions/articles/155000001299-automatic-invoice-creation-after-document-contract-is-signed)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001300-multiple-recipient-support-on-documents-contracts)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [Overview - Documents](/support/solutions/articles/155000001245-overview-documents)
  * [Pipedrive to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003700-pipedrive-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Create document/contract templates and send them automatically inside a workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000001301-create-document-contract-templates-and-send-them-automatically-inside-a-workflow)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
