Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Opportunities and Pipelines](/support/solutions/48000449589)
  4. [Bulk Actions for Opportunities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000776)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Opportunities and Pipelines](/support/solutions/48000449589)
     * [Bulk Actions for Opportunities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000776)
  6. Bulk Edit Opportunities

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Bulk Edit Opportunities

Modified on: Thu, 24 Oct, 2024 at 9:20 AM

Bulk Edit Opportunities feature is designed to streamline your workflow by allowing you to update multiple fields across multiple opportunities simultaneously.

### **Step 1: Navigate to Opportunities > List View.**

### **Step 2: Select Opportunities**

  * Choose multiple opportunities that you wish to edit and click on the Edit button at the top.

****

### **Step 3: Update Fields**

**Select the fields you want to update and enter the new information**

****

**  
**

### ****Step 4: Apply Updates****

Click on Confirm to apply your changes.

****

**  
**

### ****Step 5: Monitor Progress****

**Head over to the Bulk Actions page to monitor the progress, review successes, and identify any errors.**

**  
**

* * *

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Bulk Edit Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000003097-bulk-edit-opportunities)

## You may like to read -

  * [FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002000-faqs)
  * [How to use Custom Fields for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000521-how-to-use-custom-fields-for-opportunities)
  * [Getting Started with Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000003896-getting-started-with-custom-objects)
  * [Step-by-Step Guide: Restoring Deleted Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48001211386-step-by-step-guide-restoring-deleted-contacts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
