Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to enable Sales Receipts for Order Form, Calendar an...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to enable Sales Receipts for Order Form, Calendar and Invoice payments

Modified on: Mon, 31 Jul, 2023 at 8:38 AM

Receipts are crucial in business transactions, providing customers with documented confirmation of their purchases. They serve as proof of payment and enable businesses and customers to keep accurate records. We understand the importance of efficient receipt management, so we're thrilled to introduce our latest feature: Automatic Receipts.

##   
**How to enable Sales Receipts**  

With Automatic Receipts, businesses can send receipts to contacts for order form purchases effortlessly. This feature covers _primary, bump, and upsell_ purchases on _1-step_ and _2-step order forms_ along with subscriptions, calendar appointment booking payments, and invoice payments. By automating the receipt process, we aim to simplify your workflow and enhance the overall customer experience.

##   
**How to customize your Sales Receipts**

We believe in giving you control over your receipts. Our platform provides several customization options to personalize your receipts:

  * **Custom Title:  **Customize your receipt's title to give it a personal touch that aligns with your brand.  

  * **Receipt Numbers:  **We understand the importance of keeping records in order, so we offer you the ability to assign a prefix and initial number to your receipts. This simplifies the task of tracking and managing transactions.  

  * **Email Template:  **[Customizing your email templates](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000000087) when sending customer receipts is the perfect way to reflect your brand's identity. With this feature, you can design and adjust the content of the email according to your preference, creating a professional and consistent experience that your customers will appreciate.

##   
**Delivery of Receipts**

Automatic Receipts ensure a seamless delivery process. Receipts will be sent as downloadable PDF files attached to an email directly to the contact's email address. This convenient delivery method allows customers to access and save their receipts easily.

## **Leveraging Custom Templates**

We provide you with the flexibility to leverage custom templates for sending receipts. You can create personalized and branded templates with receipts using [custom values](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001161575) available within our [email builder](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000000087). Craft visually appealing and professional receipts that align with your business's unique style.

###   

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)**

### **How do I enable Automatic Receipts for my business?**

Enabling Automatic Receipts is simple. Access the Settings page under the Payments menu, navigate to the Receipts section, and turn the toggle on to enable automatic receipts.

### **Can I customize the content of the receipts?**

The content of the receipts is automatically generated based on the transaction details, along with coupon discount, if applicable. However, you can customize the title, receipt numbers, and email template to add your personal touch.

#### **Will the successful invoice payment notifications still go to my customers even if I enable sales receipts?**

   No, if automatic sales receipts are turned on, customers would be receiving the template used for sending receipts and the option to set a template for invoice payment success notifications would not be available. We recommend using the sales receipts for invoice payment notifications

### **Can I change the start number after creating a few receipts?**

The receipt start number cannot be decreased once a receipt has been generated in the system. Users can increase the start number at any point in time, though. No number can be used twice to generate a receipt

We hope our Automatic Receipts feature solves the pain point of manually sending email receipts after each purchase or subscription transaction. By automating this process, we aim to save you time, enhance customer satisfaction, and provide an efficient solution for managing your receipts.

If you have any further questions or require assistance, don't hesitate to contact our support team. We're here to help!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to send confirmations after purchase of orders](/support/solutions/articles/155000001437-how-to-send-confirmations-after-purchase-of-orders)
  * [Trigger - Payment Received](/support/solutions/articles/155000003534-trigger-payment-received)
  * [Setting up QuickBooks Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001153903-setting-up-quickbooks-integration)
  * [How to integrate Razorpay within the CRM](/support/solutions/articles/155000002559-how-to-integrate-razorpay-within-the-crm)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
