Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms

Modified on: Wed, 14 Aug, 2024 at 9:50 AM

##   

## **About**

Store owners can now offer manual payment methods, such as Cash on Delivery (COD) or Custom Payment Methods, allowing buyers to pay using any mode of payment at the time of pickup or delivery. This feature enables more flexible payment options for store transactions.

## **How to Use**

#### ** _Manual Payment Method Setup:_**

  1. **Navigate to Manual Payment Methods:** Go to **Payment > Integrations > Manual Payment Methods**.
  2. **Choose a Payment Method:** You can either select _Cash on Delivery_ or create a _Custom Payment Method_.
  3. **Configure Payment Method:** After adding a payment method, configure optional fields such as _Payment Instructions_ and _Messages_.
  4. **Enable Payment Methods:  **Choose whether to enable the manual payment method for _Order Forms_ or _E-commerce Stores_. These options will appear at checkout only if enabled.
  5. **Save Changes:** Click _Save_ to apply your changes.

Setting Up Manual Payment (either Cash On Delivery or Custom Payment Method):

Checkout flow preview:

#### **_Collect Payment Flow (for Manual Payment Method Orders):_**

  1. **Record Collected Payment:**
    1. After receiving an order, go to **Payment > Orders**.
    2. Select the relevant order and click the **"Collect Payment"** button.
  2. **Define Payment Details:**
    1. Choose the _Payment Mode_ from the dropdown menu.
    2. Optionally, add notes about the payment.
  3. **Update Transaction Status:  **Mark the order as paid. The transaction status will be updated to reflect the mode of payment.

## **Notes**

  * **Integration setup:** Manual payment methods can be set up independently from any other Online Payment method.
  * **Recurring Products:  **Manual payment methods will not appear at checkout if a recurring product is part of the order.
  * **Payment Collection:  **The collect order flow is applicable only for manual payment method orders. Once an order is marked as paid, this status cannot be reverted.
  * **Visibility of Payment Methods:  **If the payment method is not enabled for either E-commerce Stores or Order Forms, it will not be visible at checkout.
  * **Simultaneous Setup:  **Both Cash on Delivery and Custom Payment Methods can be set up simultaneously.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use the Manual Payment Method in Your Ecommerce Store](/support/solutions/articles/155000003198-how-to-use-the-manual-payment-method-in-your-ecommerce-store)
  * [How to Use Multiple Payment Methods in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000002667-how-to-use-multiple-payment-methods-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [Manage payment methods displayed with Stripe integration](/support/solutions/articles/155000002377-manage-payment-methods-displayed-with-stripe-integration)
  * [How to Use POS with Your Service Calendar in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003445-how-to-use-pos-with-your-service-calendar-in-the-mobile-app)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
