Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. Add Location Tagging to Social Post

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Add Location Tagging to Social Post

Modified on: Thu, 22 Aug, 2024 at 10:59 AM

We're thrilled to unveil the brand new feature of tagging of Location to post on social media. Add Location tagging for enhanced Engagement, Increased Visibility, Local SEO Boost and Targeted Marketing. For example, if a influencers adds the location, it allows users to get visibility and drive traffic to that location.  

**Why it Matters:**  

  * For social media engagement, location tagging helps to improve the visibility and chances of better insights like followers, likes and comments.

**  How it works?**

  1. Go to Marketing > Social Planner
  2. Click on Create New Post  

  3. First step is to select the socials where you would like to post the content  

  4. Add the content and other settings
  5. There is option of location tagging, it will allow you to add places or locations. It will allow to add on Facebook and Instagram Post.  

          Note- It will ask them to authenticate to get more scope to allow location tagging.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Google My Business Publishing Troubleshooting](/support/solutions/articles/48001210696-google-my-business-publishing-troubleshooting)
  * [Sharing Social Planner Content Across Sub-Accounts via a Snapshot](/support/solutions/articles/48001223768-sharing-social-planner-content-across-sub-accounts-via-a-snapshot)
  * [Failed Post Error in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001218255-failed-post-error-in-social-planner)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
