Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  6. Legacy Membership To Client Portal Migration

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Legacy Membership To Client Portal Migration

Modified on: Mon, 26 Feb, 2024 at 9:10 AM

    This article talks about migration from Legacy membership to Client Portal

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Client Portal FAQs
  * Legacy Membership FAQs

### Client Portal FAQs

  * **What are the benefits of using client portal?**  
The client portal provides access to a wide range of features, including courses, communities, affiliates, and more, all within a single platform and using the same login credentials

  * **Will my users need to create a new account if I transition to the client portal?**  
The [](https://support.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/articles/50000002051-using-advanced-formatting-options-in-the-knowledge-base#A-quick-guide-to-using-Table-of-content)user can continue to use legacy membership credentials even inside the new client portal.

  * **Are all the features from the legacy memberships available in the new client portal?**  
Users can access all the features of legacy memberships in new client portal, additionally they will also have enhanced experience with new features like notifications, A mobile App, Subscription Management and many more coming

* * *

### Legacy Membership FAQs

  * **What is Legacy membership?**  
The traditional method of managing membership courses, known as legacy membership, provides learners with a platform to log in and access course materials. In contrast, the client portal offers a broader range of functionalities, including access to courses, communities, subscription management, and more

  * **Will my Membership PWA work with new client portal ?**  
While the old PWA won't be compatible with the new client portal, we are excited to announce that a brand-new native mobile app is currently in development and will be fully supported within the client portal. Additionally, this mobile app will offer white-labeling options for each sub-account.

    To Migrate from Legacy Membership to client Portal Go to Memberships -> Settings -> Site Settings. 

    Please follow the onscreen instructions carefully before migrating to ensure smooth transition

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Add Membership Signups To Funnel Pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001143787-add-membership-signups-to-funnel-pages)
  * [Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked & drip content](/support/solutions/articles/155000002174-courses-in-app-notifications-for-comment-unlocked-drip-content)
  * [How do first time users Set Login Password, Request Forgotten Password for their membership portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002847-how-do-first-time-users-set-login-password-request-forgotten-password-for-their-membership-portal-)
  * [How To Build Courses / Membership Sites](/support/solutions/articles/48001141015-how-to-build-courses-membership-sites)

## You may like to read -

  * [Magic Links In Memberships(Courses)](/support/solutions/articles/48001207804-magic-links-in-memberships-courses-)
  * [How can my customers use the Client Portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000197-how-can-my-customers-use-the-client-portal-)
  * [Notifications inside Client Portal](/support/solutions/articles/155000001719-notifications-inside-client-portal)
  * [How to set up the Client Portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000193-how-to-set-up-the-client-portal-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
