Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Appointment scenarios in Workflow

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Appointment scenarios in Workflow

Modified on: Wed, 26 Jun, 2024 at 8:12 AM

There can be multiple scenarios when a customer is booking an appointment.In this document outlines the scenarios, how the workflow will behave in each case and what will be the contact's journey.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Scenario 1 - Re-entry of a contact in workflows
  * Scenario 2 - Appointment cancellation
  * Scenario 3 - Reschedule to a later date
  * Scenario 4 - Recurring appointments

### **Scenario 1 - Re-entry of a contact when appointment is booked**

A customer can book multiple appointments at once. For Appointment trigger contact can enter workflow multiple times even if the contact is already present in the workflow.

A contact can book multiple appointments so the contact should be able to enter the workflow multiple times irrespective of Allow Re-entry or it being already present in the workflow.

For the remaining scenarios we will be using the below mentioned example

### **Scenario 2 - Appointment cancellation**

**Example:**

  * **Current Date:** June 20
  * **Appointment Date:** June 25
  * **Workflow Step:** The contact is at the "Wait for 5 days" step.

**Change:** The customer cancels the appointment.

**When the appointment is treated as "Cancelled"  **\- If the appointment status is changed from New/Confirmed/Show to Cancel/Invalid/No Show then the appointment is treated as "Cancelled"

**Result:** The customer will be pulled out of the workflow, and no further actions will occur.

**Why -  **As the contact has cancelled the appointment no further actions should be performed.

### **Scenario 3 - Reschedule to a later date**

**Example:**

  * **Current Date:** June 20
  * **Original Appointment Date:** June 25
  * **New Appointment Date:** June 30
  * **Workflow Step:** The contact is at the "Wait for 5 days" step.

**Change:** The customer reschedules the appointment to June 30.

**When the appointment is treated as "Rescheduled"  **\- When there are changes in the "Start time" and "End time" of an appointment then it is treated as "Rescheduled"

**Result:** The customer will be pulled out of the workflow and based on the appropriate trigger it will re-enter the workflow.

**Why** \- As the appointment has been rescheduled the contact should receive all the relevant communication based on the rescheduled time.

### **Scenario 4 - Recurring appointments**

**Explanation:** Recurring appointments will not trigger entry through the "Customer Booked Appointment" trigger.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Remove Assigned User](/support/solutions/articles/155000003268-workflow-action-remove-assigned-user)
  * [How to use the Date/Time Formatter Workflow Action?](/support/solutions/articles/48001238249-how-to-use-the-date-time-formatter-workflow-action-)
  * [Zoom Integration for Users' Calendar Bookings](/support/solutions/articles/48001179593-zoom-integration-for-users-calendar-bookings)
  * [Workflow Action - Update Appointment Status](/support/solutions/articles/155000003364-workflow-action-update-appointment-status)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
