Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Getting Started w/ Workflows](/support/solutions/folders/155000000735)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Getting Started w/ Workflows](/support/solutions/folders/155000000735)
  6. If Else action - Upgrades

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# If Else action - Upgrades

Modified on: Wed, 23 Oct, 2024 at 12:31 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Upgrades
    * Introducing Scenario Recipes
    * Enhanced Branch Functionality
    * "Time of the Day" condition
    * UI Upgrade

### **Overview**

If/Else action is one of the most powerful action that gives users a lot of flexibility in workflows. We have made significant changes in the action to make it more powerful and user friendly.

### **Upgrades**

#### Introducing Scenario Recipes

  * We’ve completely reimagined how you set up your If/Else conditions by introducing Scenario Recipes. These are pre-built templates that simplify the setup process:

    * Select from one of our pre built recipes just for If/Else.
    * Click the dropdown and select from the 10 recipe types we have or build your own.
    * These recipes will also tell you if there are any pre requisites you want to add before using these recipes.

#### Enhanced Branch Functionality

  * The If/Else branches in the builder have also gone through a major upgrade.

    * You can now see a concise text summary of each branch, making it easier to understand at a glance which conditions are being met.
    * For branches with multiple conditions, simply click "+x more conditions" to view a full list in a convenient pop-up window.
    * Clicking on any branch will isolate it for editing while collapsing others, so you can focus on one branch at a time.

#### "Time of the Day" condition

    * In the "Current Hour" condition type user was only able to select the hour options.
    * We have added a new option in "Date - Time" condition and that is "Time of the Day"
    * This allows users to select specific times down to 15-minute intervals, offering more granular control.
    * For simplifying, we show descriptions of selected values to indicate in what situation those will be true

#### UI Upgrade

    * Enjoy a refreshed UI for the If/Else action, making it more user-friendly.
    * The Branch Configuration screen has been streamlined.
    * The new Condition Dropdown makes it easier to search and select specific conditions.
    * Also now user can simply drag and drop branches to re-arrange them in UI

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Workflow Notes, Action Notes & Sticky Notes](/support/solutions/articles/155000003914-workflow-notes-action-notes-sticky-notes)
  * [Workflows Starter Plus Plan - Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000003971-workflows-starter-plus-plan-pricing)
  * [Workflows - Advanced Filters & Smart List](/support/solutions/articles/155000003974-workflows-advanced-filters-smart-list)

## You may like to read -

  * [Action - If/Else](/support/solutions/articles/155000002471-action-if-else)
  * [Appointment Options in If-else action](/support/solutions/articles/155000004050-appointment-options-in-if-else-action)
  * [Workflow Actions - Delete Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000003423-workflow-actions-delete-contact)
  * [Workflow Action - Go To](/support/solutions/articles/155000003377-workflow-action-go-to)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
