Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Rooms & Equipment](/support/solutions/folders/155000000680)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Rooms & Equipment](/support/solutions/folders/155000000680)
  6. How to create Equipments?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to create Equipments?

Modified on: Tue, 21 Nov, 2023 at 10:51 AM

**In this Article**

  * How to create Equipments?
  * Additional Information

#### **Related Articles**

  * #### **[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001377)**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001377)[Rooms and Equipments](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001377)

  * #### [How to create Rooms?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001474)

  * #### [Service Calendar](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001159)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001377)**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001377)**  

#### **How to create Equipments?**

**1\. Access Calendar Settings and Enable Equipments:**

  * Go to your account and navigate to Calendars > Calendar Settings.
  * Under Preferences > In App Preferences, toggle on Rooms and Equipments.

**2\. Create an Equipment:**

  * Once you've enabled the feature, a new 'Equipments' tab will appear.
  * Under the 'Equipment' tab > Click on Create Equipment. 

**3\. Provide Equipment Details:**

  * To set up equipment, enter the following details:
    * **Equipment Name:** Assign a unique name to the equipment.
    * **Description:** Provide a brief description to clarify the equipment's purpose.
    * **Total Quantity:** Specify the total number of available equipment units.
    * **Out of Service Quantity:** Enter the count of equipment units that are currently non-functional, require repair, or are out of service.
    * **Select Calendar:** Choose the calendars you wish to associate with this equipment.

    Note: You can only link one equipment to each calendar. For example, if you have a 'Laser Machine', it can be connected to multiple calendars, but each calendar can only have one equipment, here 'Laser Machine' associated with it.

#### **Additional Information**

**1\. Rooms and Equipment Details:**

  * Find your rooms and equipment details within the **appointment modal - details view.**
  * This ensures you can now easily identify which room has been **assigned** to a particular appointment and which equipment is being used or has been booked in conjunction with the appointment.
  * This feature simplifies the management of appointments, making it more informative and streamlined.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Rooms and Equipment](/support/solutions/articles/155000001377-rooms-and-equipment)
  * [How to create Rooms?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001474-how-to-create-rooms-)
  * [How to create Equipments?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001475-how-to-create-equipments-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to create Rooms?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001474-how-to-create-rooms-)
  * [Nested Folders](/support/solutions/articles/155000001684-nested-folders)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)
  * [WhatsApp Flows: In app Appointment Booking](/support/solutions/articles/155000003720-whatsapp-flows-in-app-appointment-booking)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
