Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  6. How to Use Messaging Analytics for LC Phone

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use Messaging Analytics for LC Phone

Modified on: Wed, 14 Aug, 2024 at 3:45 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Comprehensive Metrics:
  * Advanced Filtering: 
  * Detailed Reports: 
  * SMS Limit
  * Voicemail & Missed Call Textback Settings

### **More Tutorials from the Community**

<https://youtu.be/VutH2JJ3EGM>

# **Comprehensive Metrics:**

Monitor sent, delivered, undelivered, and error rates 

# **Advanced Filtering:**  

Utilize filters like campaign, workflow, and bulk request along with date filters to drill down into your data.

# **Detailed Reports:**  

Access detailed message reports for each status, with the ability to navigate directly to the conversation page for full context.

# **SMS Limit**

Set and monitor SMS sending limits for subaccounts. View current limits and track how often these limits are reached.

Navigate to the 

Settings

 > 

Labs

Select 

SMS Limit

 > Enable

# **Voicemail & Missed Call Textback Settings**

Upload custom voicemail greetings and set up incoming call timeouts to better manage caller experiences.

Navigate to the 

Settings

 > 

Labs

Select 

Voicemail & Missed Call Textback

 > Enable

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

Currently no frequently asked questions. Submit feedback on this article to help is add questions to this section!

* * *

# **Related Articles**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How do I migrate my agency and sub-account over to LC Phone?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204027-how-do-i-migrate-my-agency-and-sub-account-over-to-lc-phone-)
  * [Why is your account suspended](/support/solutions/articles/48001207676-why-is-your-account-suspended)
  * [Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001213216-regulatory-bundle-and-address-creation-for-sub-accounts)
  * [What is LC - Phone System?](/support/solutions/articles/48001223546-what-is-lc-phone-system-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How do I prevent my messages from being filtered by carriers(30007)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001237726-how-do-i-prevent-my-messages-from-being-filtered-by-carriers-30007-)
  * [Incoming or inbound SMS message showing as calls / not showing at all](/support/solutions/articles/48001181601-incoming-or-inbound-sms-message-showing-as-calls-not-showing-at-all)
  * [LC - Phone Messaging Policy](/support/solutions/articles/48001213941-lc-phone-messaging-policy)
  * [LC Phone Pricing Structure](/support/solutions/articles/48001223556-lc-phone-pricing-structure)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
