Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. History for GPT actions (AI Memory Key)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# History for GPT actions (AI Memory Key)

Modified on: Fri, 27 Sep, 2024 at 8:35 AM

**Introducing History for GPT actions..!!**

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What's New ?
  * Type of History
  * Advanced Options
  * How to use?
  * Points to be noted

## **What's New ?**

\- We're excited to announce a significant enhancement to our GPT action: the ability to retain and utilize history. The GPT actions will be able to produce more relevant and personlized responses based on the past interactions with GPT actions.

## **Type of History**

There are 5 types of History that can be stored

  * This Sub Account - Remembers all GPT conversation across all workflows in the sub account where the History type is "This Sub Account"
  * This Workflow - Remembers all GPT conversation within the workflow where the History type is "This Workflow"
  * Per Execution - Remembers all GPT conversation within the workflow for a single execution where the History type is "Per Execution"
  * This Step - Remembers all GPT conversation for the specific action across multiple executions where the History type is "This Step"
  * Custom - Let's the user create a custom History type that can be used within the same workflow or multiple workflows

## **How to use?**

  * Enable the option in Labs
  * Select the "GPT Powered By OpenAI" action
  * Switch on "Enable history"

  * Select the "History for" from the dropdown

  * Add system instructions

## **Advanced Options**

  * System Instructions - User can add Instructions if required to give more information to GPT action to get more specific and desired output. These are the rules that can be added which will be followed by all the GPT actions.
  * Exclude instructions from history - This toggle can be used when user wants to exclude the System Instructions from the "history"
  * Exclude responses from history - If this is turned on then responses of this action will not be stored in the history. This is useful when the responses are sentiment (positive or negative) or any analytics that were received as output.

##   

## **Points to be noted**

  * If Enable History is switched on then by default GPT 4 models will be selected.
  * History will only work for "Custom" action type
  * History will be independent for each contact

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - GPT History](/support/solutions/articles/155000003381-workflow-action-gpt-history)
  * [How to Configure the Workflow AI Action?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000209-how-to-configure-the-workflow-ai-action-)
  * [Workflow Action - GPT Powered by OpenAI](/support/solutions/articles/155000003379-workflow-action-gpt-powered-by-openai)
  * [GPT 4 Models - Workflow AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000002331-gpt-4-models-workflow-ai)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
