Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Service Menus](/support/solutions/folders/155000000691)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Service Menus](/support/solutions/folders/155000000691)
  6. How to Create Service Menus for Calendars

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Create Service Menus for Calendars

Modified on: Mon, 19 Aug, 2024 at 1:04 PM

### **More Tutorials from the Community**

<https://youtu.be/YNMUwxVgtPc>

<https://youtu.be/L6d0JglaXQ0>

<https://youtu.be/TdQO-xOTdp4>

<https://youtu.be/2t6Yb2pxxM8>  

**In This Article**

  * What is a Service Menu?
  * What can you do with the Service Menu?
  * Who can use it?
  * Prerequisites to creating a Service Menu
  * How to create a Service Menu?

**Related Article**

  * [Service Calendar](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001159)
  * [Rooms and Equipments](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001377)

* * *

## What is a Service Menu?

The Service Menu is a **centralized** page to list all your services in one streamlined scheduling link. Imagine **neatly categorized** services, making navigation a breeze. What's more, your clients can access this menu to seamlessly **book multiple services** for themselves or even for their **guests** , all through a **single booking widget.**

The Service Menu displays the chosen **[Service Calendars](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001159)**. A Service Calendar is a **tailored** calendar type created for service-based businesses. In this calendar type, users can **create different services** , assign staff, **group** them together by categories, and display all of them in one single scheduling link - the **Service Menu.**

For example, a salon can have **Hair services** like ‘Hair Cut, Hair Spa, and Hair Coloring’ under the category Hair, whereas **Skin services** like ‘Facial, Clean Up, and Bleaching’ under the category Skin. The clients can then choose the services they want and schedule their appointments seamlessly.

* * *

## What can you do with the Service Menu?

With a Service Menu, you have the tools to optimize your service-based business like never before. Here's what you can achieve:

**1\. Create Calendars for Each Service:**

  * Easily set up a dedicated calendar for each service you offer
  * Assign staff members to these service-specific calendars

**2\. Organize Calendars into Categories:**

  * Group your calendars into categories, simplifying navigation
  * Choose which groups / services to display on the scheduling page
  * Create a centralized booking widget for all your services. No more navigating through different calendars and becoming overwhelmed

**3\. Streamline Booking for Clients:**

  * Clients can easily book multiple services or schedule appointments for multiple people from one booking
  * They can also select their preferred staff member while booking an appointment
  * Clients get important information related to the duration, cost and assigned staff member for each appointment

* * *

## Who Can Use It?

[](http://fwefewf)

The Service Menu is perfect for a range of businesses offering services. This includes but is not limited to:

  * Salons and Hairdressers
  * Spas and Wellness Centers
  * Massage and Therapy Clinics
  * Fitness Studios and Trainers
  * Healthcare Providers
  * Event Planners
  * Pet Groomers
  * And many more!

If you're in the business of providing services and want to enhance the booking experience for your clients, the Service Menu is your ideal solution.

* * *

## Getting Started: Prerequisites

**1\. First, create a Group:  **Think of a group as a category for your services. Any calendars added to a group will appear under that category tab on the appointment widget. To create a new group, simply head to Calendar settings > Create Group.

**For Example:** You can create the Group “Hair Care” for your hair related services like Hair Cut, Hair Spa, Hair Coloring etc.

**2\. Then, create a Service Calendar:** Design a dedicated calendar for each service you offer and assign the calendar to its respective group. Click **[here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001159)** to know more about creating a Service Calendar

**For Example:** You can create different calendars for your Hair Care services. Here you will have four service calendars, one for each service - Hair Cut (Male), Hair Cut (Female), Hair Spa, Hair Coloring.

**3\. Finally, create a Service Page Menu:** Decide which service calendars and groups you want to display on the appointment widget and give your clients a single place to make bookings.

**For Example:** Your service menu can have two categories “Hair Care” and “Skin Care” with different services listed under them.

By following the above steps, you'll be able to efficiently schedule your appointments.

* * *

## How to create Service Menu?

**Guide on how to create a Service Menu**

  * Step 1: Enable Service Menu
  * Step 2: Prepare your Service Calendars
  * Step 3: Create your Service Menu
  * Step 4: Select & Arrange your Services

###   

**Step 1: Enable Service Menu**

  1. Go to Calendar Settings.
  2. Click on "Preferences."
  3. Under "In-App Preferences," toggle the "Service Menu" option to turn it on.
  4. You will now see a "Service Menu" tab under "Calendar Settings" > "Calendars. 

**Step 2: Prepare your Service Calendars**

Before you create a service menu, ensure that you have created your [service calendars ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001159)and added them to groups. Here's how:

  1. Create your service calendars in the "Calendar Settings."
  2. Add these calendars to relevant groups.

**Step 3: Create your Service Menu**

  1. Head to the "Service Menu" tab.
  2. Click on "Create Service Menu."
  3. Fill in the following details for your menu:
     * **Name** : Provide a name for your service menu.
     * **Description** : Add a brief description of your services.
     * **URL/Slug** : Customize the URL for your service menu.
  4. You can also:
     * Toggle the consent checkbox on/off.
     * Customize the consent message.
     * Choose to show a thank you message after booking or redirect users to an external URL.
     * Enable/disable bookers from adding additional guests, limit bookers to booking only one service instead of multiple, and determine whether bookers can select their preferred staff member.
     * Insert Custom Code to customize the look and feel of the service menu.
  5. Once you've filled in the details, move to the next step - “Select Services"

****

****

## **Step 4: Select & Arrange your Services**

1\. In the Select services tab, select the groups or individual services that you want to display in the menu. 

    Note: If you haven't created service calendars or added them to groups, you'll need to do so before they appear in this list

2\. After selecting the services, **arrange them** in the order you want them to appear on the service menu..

3\. You can decide the **sequence** in which the **groups** are displayed from here.

4\. Once you're satisfied with the arrangement, click "Save."

**If you wish t****o change the order of services within groups:**

  * Go to the Groups Tab.
  * Click the three dots next to your chosen group.
  * Select "Rearrange Calendars."
  * Adjust the sequence and click "Save."  

Voila, your service menu is now ready to be used. You can use the scheduling link provided to direct your clients to the service menu.

##   

* * *

## **How to Disable Service Menu?**

To disable Service Menu, follow these steps:

  1. Go to Calendar Settings.
  2. Click on "Preferences."
  3. Under "In-App Preferences," toggle the "Service Menu" option to turn it off.
  4. After turning off the "Service Menu" option, note that the "Service Menu" tab under "Calendar Settings" > "Calendars" will no longer be accessible.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Create Service Menus for Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000001161-how-to-create-service-menus-for-calendars)

## You may like to read -

  * [How To Create Service Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000001159-how-to-create-service-calendars)
  * [Mobile Apps Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001702-mobile-apps-overview)
  * [Automotive Detailing - Service Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000001619-automotive-detailing-service-calendar)
  * [How to create Rooms?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001474-how-to-create-rooms-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
