Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. How to use the Domain Connect feature?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to use the Domain Connect feature?

Modified on: Tue, 6 Feb, 2024 at 10:23 AM

More Tutorials from the Community

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqaYxK-p9Yw>

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gtkme8bR_kc&feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gtkme8bR_kc&feature=youtu.be)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmJZPW9Aic4&feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmJZPW9Aic4&feature=youtu.be)

Domain Connect transforms the complex domain connection process into a seamless experience. By automatically detecting and configuring domains with a mere click, it is replacing the need for manual DNS record adjustments. Suitable for root domains and subdomains alike, Domain Connect epitomizes effortless efficiency and adaptability for a domain management experience that endures.

#### **Covered in this Article:**

  * #### What is this feature?

    * #### Why is this important?

  * #### How to use this feature?

  * #### FAQs

    * #### Q: Can I still manually configure my domains if I prefer not to use Domain Connect?

    * #### Q: What if my domain provider is not one of the top three supported by Domain Connect?

    * #### Q: What if I toggle on the option for "Also add www domain" but my www subdomain is already pointed to another system?

**Please Note:**

    This is a domain connection feature, not a domain hosting feature. You need to have already purchased the domain in either Google Domains, Go Daddy, Cloudflare or IONOS for this to work.  
      
    Incase of Cloudflare proxy, make sure your automatically created DNS records have Cloudflare proxy turned off.
    
    Important: After the provider tab has been authorized, close it to proceed to the domain verification process.

* * *

## **What is this feature?**

The Domain Connect feature is designed to automate and streamline connecting domains to various web services or applications. Here's a thorough explanation:

**Easy Integration with Major Providers:  **Connect your domains to a wide range of services through Google Domains, Go Daddy, or Cloudflare in just a few clicks.

**Hassle-Free Setup:** Forget the struggles of manual DNS configuration; Domain Connect does it all for you, saving you time and preventing errors.

###   
**Why is this important?**

**Quick and Simple:** You can now link your domains to various services and applications.

**Safe and Secure:** Leverage the trusted infrastructure of major providers for a secure connection.

**Future-Ready:** Domain Connect is set to expand, supporting more providers and integrations with platforms like WordPress and email services.

* * *

## **How to use this feature?**

**Please Note:**

    This is a domain connection feature, not a domain hosting feature. You need to have already purchased the domain in either Google Domains, Go Daddy, or Cloudflare for this to work.

  * Log in to your sub-account and navigate to your **Settings >Domains** tab.
  * Click on the **Add Domain  **button to begin the process.  

  * Enter your root domain or subdomain in the provided field. If adding the "www" subdomain as well, you'll see an option to add the root domain.  

  * Click on the "Continue" button to proceed.  

  * If your domain is with Google Domains, Go Daddy, or Cloudflare, you'll see an "Authorize" button. Click on it to allow Domain Connect to access your DNS settings.  

  * Follow the on-screen prompts to complete the authorization process on your domain provider's interface. This will automatically add or connect the required DNS records.  

  * Once authorization is complete, close that tab and return to the Domain Connect interface.  

  * **Please Note:**
    
        For Google Domains, it will not complete the authorization process until you close this tab and head back to your sub-account.

  * The necessary entries will be added in the system, confirming the connection between your domain and the CRM.
  * If your provider isn't supported, you can manually add the required DNS records with instructions provided in the interface.
  * Verify that the connection has been successfully established by testing your domain. Changes may take up to 30 seconds or more to reflect.

If there is an issue with your authorization or any kind of error, you will see this message:  

* * *

## **FAQs**

### **Q: Can I still manually configure my domains if I prefer not to use Domain Connect?**

A: Yes, manual configuration is still an option for users who prefer to set up their DNS records manually or whose domain providers are not currently supported by Domain Connect.

### **Q: What if my domain provider is not one of the top three supported by Domain Connect?**

A: Users with domain providers not currently supported by Domain Connect can still manually add the required DNS records. The manual configuration process remains the same.

### **Q: What if I toggle on the option for "Also add www domain" but my www subdomain is already pointed to another system?**

A: CNAME record will be created for your sub-domain in your DNS records and pointed to us, but we will not be able to delete the existing CNAME or A record that you have for your www domain, pointed to another service. You will need to delete that yourself so that your www domain can work with us.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How To Redirect HighLevel Domains (www to non-www)](/support/solutions/articles/48001065407-how-to-redirect-highlevel-domains-www-to-non-www-)
  * [How to set up Root Domain/Subdomain for your Funnels/Websites?](/support/solutions/articles/48001153720-how-to-set-up-root-domain-subdomain-for-your-funnels-websites-)
  * [Setting up Whitelabel Domain, API Domain, Email Sending Domain, Sites Domain, Client Portal Domain & more](/support/solutions/articles/155000002561-setting-up-whitelabel-domain-api-domain-email-sending-domain-sites-domain-client-portal-domain-)
  * [LC Email Dedicated Sending Domains](/support/solutions/articles/48001226115-lc-email-dedicated-sending-domains)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
