Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Affiliate Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000758)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Affiliate Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000758)
  6. Action - Remove From Affiliate Campaign

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Remove From Affiliate Campaign

Modified on: Fri, 6 Sep, 2024 at 2:17 AM

## Overview

The **Remove From Affiliate Campaign  ** can be used to removes an affiliate from a affiliate campaign. It lets you choose which campaign to remove them from using a dropdown.

## Action Name

**Remove From Affiliate Campaign  **

## Action Description

The **Remove From Affiliate Campaign  **action is designed to remove an existing affiliate from a selected affiliate campaign

## Action Details

**Step by Step Guide**

  1. **Choose the Action Type:** Select "**Remove From Affiliate Campaign  **" from the list of available actions.
  2. **Name Your Action:** Enter a descriptive name for the action, such as "Remove from Black Friday Campaign"
  3. **Select the Campaign:  **Choose if you want to change to status to either active or inactive.

## Example

Remove Affiliates from the Black Friday Campaign when they opt out or fill an exit form

Scenario: A business wants maintain their list of active affiliates. They have a form which is filled by current affiliates who want to leave the Black Friday Affiliate Campaign.

**Action Setup:**

Action: Remove From Affiliate Campaign

Name: Remove from Black Friday Campaign

**Workflow Trigger:**

  1. Form Submitted: The entry point to the workflow will be when the selected form is submitted by an existing affiliate
  2. Filters: Forms is "Affiliate Exit Form"

**Workflow Actions:**

  1. Remove From Affiliate Campaign
  2. Select "Black Friday Campaign" in Affiliate Campaign filter

**Outcome:**  
This ensures that whenever an existing affiliate fills up the "Affiliate Exit Form" the affiliate's profile will be removed fro the Black Friday Affiliate Campaign and they will no longer be able to use their referral link to push sales and generate commissions.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Add To Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003227-action-add-to-affiliate-manager)
  * [Action - Add To Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003228-action-add-to-affiliate-campaign)
  * [Action - Update Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/155000003229-action-update-affiliate)
  * [Action - Remove From Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003230-action-remove-from-affiliate-campaign)

## You may like to read -

  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [A List of Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002294-a-list-of-workflow-actions)
  * [Getting started with Affiliate Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000003663-getting-started-with-affiliate-automations)
  * [Action - Add To Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003228-action-add-to-affiliate-campaign)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
