Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  6. Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked &...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked & drip content

Modified on: Fri, 29 Mar, 2024 at 8:54 AM

Our latest update is designed to keep you more connected and engaged with your courses and the learning community. Here’s everything you need to know to make the most out of this new feature.  

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Stay Connected with Comments
  * Unlocked Content Notifications
  * Timely Access to Drip Content
  * Enabling Instructor-Learner Interactions

* * *

## Stay Connected with Comments

### Receive Instant Notifications

  * Never miss a beat in your learning journey! You will now receive instant notifications whenever someone comments on a course you're enrolled in or replies to one of your comments. This ensures you're always in the loop and can participate in discussions promptly.

### Facilitate Smoother Interactions

  * This feature is all about fostering a vibrant learning community. By keeping you informed of new comments and replies, interactions within courses become more dynamic and engaging, enhancing your learning experience.  

## Unlocked Content Notifications

### Never Miss Out on New Content

  * When a post or category that was previously locked becomes accessible, learners will receive a notification right away. This means you're always updated on the latest content available to you, ensuring you don't miss out on valuable learning opportunities.  

## Timely Access to Drip Content

### Stay Informed on Content Releases

  * Drip content helps pace your learning, but waiting for it without knowing when it’ll be available can be frustrating. With Course Notifications, learners will be notified the moment new drip content is released in your courses, allowing you to access fresh materials right when they're available.  

## Enabling Instructor-Learner Interactions

### Enhanced Communication with Instructors

  * A key part of learning is interaction with instructors, and this feature takes it to the next level. Instructors will now receive notifications for learner comments, making it easier for them to respond and engage. This fosters a better connection and communication flow between learners and instructors.  
Instructors will receive their notifications in

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Add Membership Signups To Funnel Pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001143787-add-membership-signups-to-funnel-pages)
  * [Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked & drip content](/support/solutions/articles/155000002174-courses-in-app-notifications-for-comment-unlocked-drip-content)
  * [How do first time users Set Login Password, Request Forgotten Password for their membership portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002847-how-do-first-time-users-set-login-password-request-forgotten-password-for-their-membership-portal-)
  * [How To Build Courses / Membership Sites](/support/solutions/articles/48001141015-how-to-build-courses-membership-sites)

## You may like to read -

  * [Email & In-App Appointment Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000003441-email-in-app-appointment-notifications)
  * [How to Ban Members and Report Content in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002885-how-to-ban-members-and-report-content-in-communities)
  * [Memberships - Drip Content for Subcategories](/support/solutions/articles/48001153196-memberships-drip-content-for-subcategories)
  * [How to Use Community Tagging Feature](/support/solutions/articles/155000001051-how-to-use-community-tagging-feature)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
