Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Getting Started w/ Workflows](/support/solutions/folders/155000000735)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Getting Started w/ Workflows](/support/solutions/folders/155000000735)
  6. New Discover button - Workflows

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# New Discover button - Workflows

Modified on: Wed, 23 Oct, 2024 at 11:57 AM

We’ve made it easier to discover and install marketplace apps directly within the workflow builder. Now, you no longer need to visit the marketplace separately for app installations.

* * *

_**[Table of Contents]**_

Example:

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What is the Social Planner?
  * Why You Should Use the Social Planner
  * Where You'll Find the Social Planner
  * How To Setup the Social Planner
  * Frequently Asked Questions

* * *

## **New "Discover" Button**

Easily access a comprehensive list of marketplace apps right from the workflow builder. The "Discover" button brings all available apps to you, making it convenient to find the right tools for your workflows.

* * *

## **App Categorization**

Explore apps based on various categories:

  * **Top Installed:** Find the most popular apps based on user installs.
  * **Top Free:** Browse the top free apps available in the marketplace.
  * **Top Paid:** Discover the best premium apps to enhance your workflows.
  * **Newly Added:** Check out the latest additions to the marketplace.

* * *

## **Global Search Bar**

Search seamlessly across GoHighLevel-built actions, marketplace actions, and triggers using the new global search bar. It allows you to quickly find the app or action you need.

* * *

## **Update Tag for Installed Apps**

Stay updated with new features. Apps that have been previously installed will now display an **Update Tag** if new actions are available, indicating additional functionalities have been added.

* * *

## **Install CTA and App Details**

Within the workflow builder, you can view installation options and detailed information about each app through the "Details" tab. This helps you make informed decisions before installing an app.

* * *

## **Installed Apps in "All Actions"**

Actions for already installed apps will appear in the "All actions" section, similar to the current workflow experience, so you can quickly access them.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Workflow Notes, Action Notes & Sticky Notes](/support/solutions/articles/155000003914-workflow-notes-action-notes-sticky-notes)
  * [Workflows Starter Plus Plan - Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000003971-workflows-starter-plus-plan-pricing)
  * [Workflows - Advanced Filters & Smart List](/support/solutions/articles/155000003974-workflows-advanced-filters-smart-list)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflows - Advanced Filters & Smart List](/support/solutions/articles/155000003974-workflows-advanced-filters-smart-list)
  * [Pause Workflows on Certain Dates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003850-pause-workflows-on-certain-dates)
  * [Issue Certificates: Triggers and Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002376-issue-certificates-triggers-and-actions)
  * [Nested Folders](/support/solutions/articles/155000001684-nested-folders)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
