Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
  4. [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  6. Attachments Made Easy in Conversations

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Attachments Made Easy in Conversations

Modified on: Tue, 24 Oct, 2023 at 12:46 AM

Users can now effortlessly upload large files directly from their devices, providing a new level of flexibility and convenience in file sharing. One of the significant impacts of this feature is that it eliminates the need for cumbersome workarounds. You no longer have to resort to manually compressing files or rely on external file-sharing services. This streamlines the process, saves time, and simplifies the sharing of files,

**Guide on how to write How-to support docs**

  * Option 1: Automatic Media Library Uploads (Email and SMS Composer)
  * Option 2: Attachment Choice 
  * Option 3:  Interactive Video Thumbnails 

* * *

### **Option 1:**Automatic Media Library Uploads (Email and SMS Composer)****

  * Managing attachments has never been easier. With our new feature, users can directly upload large-sized attachments from their devices. What's more, all files in SMS and those exceeding the email attachment limit (20MB) will be seamlessly and automatically uploaded to the media library. These attachments will be added as media library links, simplifying the process and ensuring that nothing gets left behind.

### **Option 2: Attachment Choice**

  * With this feature, users now have the freedom to decide whether they want to upload attachments via their device or the media library.

### **Option 3: Interactive Video Thumbnails**

  * Emails should engage, captivate, and leave a lasting impact. That's why we've gone a step further by automatically generating gif thumbnails for videos uploaded through the media library. This enhancement makes your emails more visually appealing, interactive, and engaging.

* * *

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Unread VS Read - Must Manually Mark as Read](/support/solutions/articles/48000980858-unread-vs-read-must-manually-mark-as-read)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to CC (Carbon Copy) and BCC (Blind Carbon Copy) for email composer](/support/solutions/articles/155000000444-how-to-cc-carbon-copy-and-bcc-blind-carbon-copy-for-email-composer)
  * [Contact Engagement score](/support/solutions/articles/155000001251-contact-engagement-score)

## You may like to read -

  * [Contacts: Sync Attachments to Document Management Tab](/support/solutions/articles/155000003209-contacts-sync-attachments-to-document-management-tab)
  * [How to Use GIFs in Communities for Posts and Comments](/support/solutions/articles/155000003093-how-to-use-gifs-in-communities-for-posts-and-comments)
  * [How to Enable Call Transcriptions for Recorded Calls](/support/solutions/articles/155000002841-how-to-enable-call-transcriptions-for-recorded-calls)
  * [Conversations: Quick Reply Prompts for Facebook/Instagram](/support/solutions/articles/155000004035-conversations-quick-reply-prompts-for-facebook-instagram)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
