Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to Add SEO Descriptions and Keywords to Boost Your Ec...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Add SEO Descriptions and Keywords to Boost Your Ecommerce Ranking

Modified on: Fri, 26 Jul, 2024 at 9:55 AM

Store owners can now add SEO information to their products, hence enhancing the overall experience of discovering Products.

How to use

SEO for products can be added from 

Payments -> Products (Product Create/Edit Page)

. The SEO title, Description and custom slug can be configured on this page.

Notes:

  * The featured image will be chosen as the image for preview in SEO
  * SEO modification will be available only when the toggle for product listing in online stores is enabled
  * Same slug cannot be used for multiple products

Images:

Search Engine Listing section:

Handle reflected in URL:

SEO Information for product reflected here:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [SEO Heatmaps in the Prospecting Tool: A Support Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000003171-seo-heatmaps-in-the-prospecting-tool-a-support-guide)
  * [SEO Meta Data](/support/solutions/articles/48000980312-seo-meta-data)
  * [Default Blog Flow - Getting Started with Blogs](/support/solutions/articles/48001220286-default-blog-flow-getting-started-with-blogs)
  * [How to add Blog Sitemap?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002453-how-to-add-blog-sitemap-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
