Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Miscellaneous](/support/solutions/48000453288)
  4. [UX Issues](/support/solutions/folders/48000677469)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Miscellaneous](/support/solutions/48000453288)
     * [UX Issues](/support/solutions/folders/48000677469)
  6. Enabling Cross-Site Tracking (3rd Party Cookies)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Enabling Cross-Site Tracking (3rd Party Cookies)

Modified on: Thu, 15 Jun, 2023 at 8:07 AM

# Safari on MacOS

  1. **Launch Safari**

Open Safari by clicking on the Safari icon located in the dock or by searching for "Safari" using Spotlight (Cmd + Space) and selecting the application.

  2. **Access Safari Preferences**

In the top menu, click on "Safari" and then select "Preferences" or "Settings" from the drop-down menu. Alternatively, you can use the keyboard shortcut (Cmd + comma) to directly access the Preferences window.

  3. **Open the Privacy Tab**

Once the Preferences window appears, click on the "Privacy" tab at the top.  

  4. **Customize Website Tracking Options**

In the Privacy tab, you'll see various options related to website tracking. By default, Safari blocks cross-site tracking. To enable it, uncheck the box next to "Prevent cross-site tracking."  

  5. **Close Preferences**

After adjusting the desired settings, close the Preferences window.

# Chrome on MacOS

Coming Soon

# Chrome on Windows

Coming Soon

# Firefox on Windows

Coming Soon

# Microsoft Edge on Windows

Coming Soon

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [CRM Loading States: Troubleshooting lags and Impact of Custom CSS and JS](/support/solutions/articles/48001176375-crm-loading-states-troubleshooting-lags-and-impact-of-custom-css-and-js)
  * [My CRM Data is Loading Slowly What Can I Do?](/support/solutions/articles/48001210187-my-crm-data-is-loading-slowly-what-can-i-do-)
  * [Enabling Cross-Site Tracking (3rd Party Cookies)](/support/solutions/articles/155000000178-enabling-cross-site-tracking-3rd-party-cookies-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Managing Marketplace App Permissions: White Label Agency Control](/support/solutions/articles/155000001163-managing-marketplace-app-permissions-white-label-agency-control)
  * [iCloud - How to Integrate iCloud with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002370-icloud-how-to-integrate-icloud-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Workflow Action - Log External Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000002930-workflow-action-log-external-call)
  * [Workflow Actions - Log External Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000003460-workflow-actions-log-external-call)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
