Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Client Portal](/support/solutions/155000000004)
  4. [Client Portal](/support/solutions/folders/155000000015)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Client Portal](/support/solutions/155000000004)
     * [Client Portal](/support/solutions/folders/155000000015)
  6. Client Portal Dashboard

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Client Portal Dashboard

Modified on: Wed, 13 Mar, 2024 at 10:14 AM

### More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/XLkDEt9Wqkc>

<https://youtu.be/62skgJ9Z2uY>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EnuIT8Otf2Y>

<https://youtu.be/lj0QrN505RQ>

The new client portal dashboard gives you an overview of users invited/joined in the client portal and allows you to take certain actions like generating a magic link,Inviting a user to client portal or sending them login information via email

**In this article**

    * Client Portal URL
    * Invited Users Vs Joined Users
    * Action 1- Magic Link
    * Action 2- Invite to client Portal
    * Action 3- Login Email

* * *

## Client Portal URL

You can copy client portal url and send it to your clients. This URL is updated based on your custom domain selection

## Invited Users Vs Joined Users

The invited users shows you the count of users that has been invited to the client portal by selecting the invite option from the action menu

Joined users are the actual number of users who have joined your client portal

## Action 1- Magic Link

Magic links will let your contacts directly log in to the client portal without needing them to log in. Magic links are useful when you send them over email or messages.

> Note Magic links are generated at per contact level ,if you want to use magic links as emails with workflow triggers please use the custom values available that will automatically fetch the required data and build the magic link.

## Action 2- Invite to client Portal

You can invite new users to client portal by clicking on the invite action.You can either invite and already existing contact or enter an email address. The invitation will go from your default domain

#   

## Action 3- Login Email

login email sends an automatic email to your contacts with a quick login button.Your  clients can use the login button in the email to login to the client portal with requiring them to enter their password

> Note: You can select multiple contacts and send them login email together

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How can my customers use the Client Portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000197-how-can-my-customers-use-the-client-portal-)
  * [How to set up the Client Portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000193-how-to-set-up-the-client-portal-)
  * [Client Portal Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001205-client-portal-dashboard)
  * [Client Portal - Single Sign On (SSO) and Magic Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000001667-client-portal-single-sign-on-sso-and-magic-links)

## You may like to read -

  * [Client Portal - Single Sign On (SSO) and Magic Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000001667-client-portal-single-sign-on-sso-and-magic-links)
  * [Client Portal Branded Mobile APP -Full Setup Guide For Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000002617-client-portal-branded-mobile-app-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [FAQs for Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003654-faqs-for-affiliates)
  * [How to Use the Affiliate Portal: A Comprehensive Guide for Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003650-how-to-use-the-affiliate-portal-a-comprehensive-guide-for-affiliates)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
