Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  6. Consent checkbox for compliance

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Consent checkbox for compliance

Modified on: Fri, 4 Oct, 2024 at 9:38 PM

You now have the capability to ensure compliance by obtaining consent from your contacts when collecting their phone numbers.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Introduction to consent checkbox in calendars
  * Here's how it works
  * View consent

## Introduction to consent checkbox in calendars

We've introduced a new feature that allows you to include a consent checkbox in your calendar settings. This checkbox will be displayed on the booking form when your contacts provide their phone numbers during appointment bookings.

Why is this important? It's crucial for compliance, particularly in relation to A2P 10 DLC regulations. This feature helps you avoid compliance issues with telecom providers.

## Here's how it works

When you choose a default form in your Calendar settings, you'll notice an option called "show consent checkbox." By default, this option is enabled, but you can disable it if needed. However, we strongly recommend keeping it enabled to ensure that you capture essential information such as consent and the IP address of the contact who agrees by checking the checkbox during the appointment booking process.

You also have the flexibility to customize the text of the consent checkbox to align with your specific requirements.

## 

## View consent

Once an appointment with consent is booked, you can easily access the consent details in two convenient ways:

**Appointment List View:** Click on the three dots menu for the specific appointment, and select "View Consent." This will display the consent information associated with that appointment.

**Contact's Activity Tab:** In the contact's activity tab, you'll notice an icon next to appointments for which consent was provided during booking. Clicking on this icon will reveal essential appointment details, including the consent text accepted by the contact, as well as the contact's IP address at the time of providing consent.

##   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Consent checkbox for compliance](/support/solutions/articles/155000001032-consent-checkbox-for-compliance)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)

## You may like to read -

  * [Gain Consent With Custom Checkboxes In Forms (GDPR Compliance)](/support/solutions/articles/48001185523-gain-consent-with-custom-checkboxes-in-forms-gdpr-compliance-)
  * [Fixing Failed Number Registrations (A2P Local and Toll-Free)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001454-fixing-failed-number-registrations-a2p-local-and-toll-free-)
  * [A2P 10DLC Campaign Approval Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/48001229784-a2p-10dlc-campaign-approval-best-practices)
  * [Why is your account suspended](/support/solutions/articles/48001207676-why-is-your-account-suspended)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
