Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to post fb stories through composer?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to post fb stories through composer?

Modified on: Wed, 23 Oct, 2024 at 1:34 AM

Now you can post to your facebook account on the feed or a _story  _through social planner.

**How to create Facebook Story in Social Planner?**

  1. Navigate Marketing > Social Planner
  2. Connect your Facebook page(s)
  3. Click on New Post and use post composer to add the content with image or video.
  4. Select the socials (add Facebook pages) from dropdown and add your post content
  5. Schedule the Facebook Story from Social Planner

**Fb constraints -**

  1. For Facebook story, user can add one image or video.
  2. Image is required in JPEG, PNG or GIF, max file size is 4MB.
  3. Video is allowed in all format with 1GB or minimum 3 seconds and maximum 90 seconds length and minimum dimension of 540*960 px.
  4. Facebook story doesn't support thumbnail or OG Meta Tag.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use the Instagram Story Post Composer in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001240398-how-to-use-the-instagram-story-post-composer-in-social-planner)
  * [Multi Select for Forms, Surveys, Contains Phrase and Exact Match](/support/solutions/articles/155000002765-multi-select-for-forms-surveys-contains-phrase-and-exact-match)
  * [Facebook Conversion Leads Walkthrough](/support/solutions/articles/48001233833-facebook-conversion-leads-walkthrough)
  * [Facebook Lead Ad Integration & Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48000987779-facebook-lead-ad-integration-troubleshooting-guide)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
