Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  6. How to Customize Blog Design and Layout

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Customize Blog Design and Layout

Modified on: Wed, 7 Aug, 2024 at 1:06 PM

The blog can be customized by visiting the blog name, clicking on the three-dot edit, and editing the blog site.  

  1. Go to Sites > Blogs
  2. In the list view of Blogs, click on the name of Blog.
  3. Once you open the Blog, it will show Edit the Blog Site button (beside the New Blog post option) and it will show the list of Blog Posts
  4. Once you click on Edit the Blog Site, it will open the Blog editor with all the elements and global sections 
  5. It will allow users to edit the layout, what shows in the blog list card, and the style of the blog post. 

  * Layout -

  * What to show in card of Blog List  

  * Edit the style for Blog Home and Blog post -Image, Post, Tags, Heading, Title, Description, Author, Publish date and Author

To manage the blog pages like home and post, it will allow users to create blog posts and delete the blog.

The blog provides section Templates, Global Sections, and other elements like Buttons, Social Media Icons, Images, and a Progress Bar. Section Templates are shared between Funnels, Websites, and Blogs.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [Sharing Blog Content Across Sub-Accounts via a Snapshot](/support/solutions/articles/155000003594-sharing-blog-content-across-sub-accounts-via-a-snapshot)
  * [Default Blog Flow - Getting Started with Blogs](/support/solutions/articles/48001220286-default-blog-flow-getting-started-with-blogs)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
