Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  6. Featured Posts (Pinned Posts)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Featured Posts (Pinned Posts)

Modified on: Sun, 22 Oct, 2023 at 10:25 AM

# _**Overview**_

We're excited to introduce the "Featured Posts" feature, designed to help Admins and Owners make important content stand out in channels and on your home timeline. This feature provides you with greater control over what content gets noticed.

## How to Mark a Post as Featured

  * Find the post you want to feature.
  * Click on the three dots menu (⋮) located on the post.
  * Select the "Pin" option.

Your chosen post is now marked as "Featured" and will receive special attention.

## Where Featured Posts Appear

Featured posts are prominently displayed at both the channel level and on your home timeline.

  * ### Channel Level

When you mark a post as featured in a channel, it will automatically appear at the very top of that channel's content feed. This way, all members will see it first when they visit the channel.

  * ### Home Timeline

Similarly, marking a post as featured in the Home Timeline will ensure that it's placed right at the top of your home feed. This ensures that even on your main dashboard, your important content gets the attention it deserves.  

## How to Unpin a Featured Post

Changed your mind or need to unfeature a post? It's easy!

  * Locate the featured post you want to unpin.
  * Click the three dots menu (⋮) on the post.
  * Select the "Unpin" option.

The post will no longer be featured, but it will still be available in its original location.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to make your Groups private/ public in Communities?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000735-how-to-make-your-groups-private-public-in-communities-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Blogs Importer - Get All your Blog Posts](/support/solutions/articles/155000004034-blogs-importer-get-all-your-blog-posts)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to post Recurring Social Posts through the Social Planner?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000648-how-to-post-recurring-social-posts-through-the-social-planner-)
  * [Skool to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003309-skool-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
