Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Template Library](/support/solutions/folders/48000687583)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Template Library](/support/solutions/folders/48000687583)
  6. Customizing the Template Library for Subaccounts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Customizing the Template Library for Subaccounts

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 10:47 AM

Agency admins can now control access to templates and categories for subaccounts, enabling them to tailor the template library based on subaccount needs.**  

TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What Is Subaccount View?
  * When to Use It:
  * How to Customize Template Access:

### **What Is Subaccount View?**

**Subaccount View** refers to how a subaccount user sees the template library when building emails, funnels, forms, etc. Admins can control the content shown to each subaccount by customizing the available templates and categories. This ensures that users only have access to the templates relevant to their needs and plan.

###   
**When to Use It:**

  1. Different Niches: Enable only relevant templates for subaccounts in specific industries.
  2. Irrelevant Categories: Hide unnecessary categories for certain subaccounts.
  3. Restricted Access: Disable access to specific templates for select subaccounts.
  4. Premium Templates: Offer exclusive templates for higher-tier plans.
  5. SaaS Plans: Customize categories based on different SaaS plan levels.

### **  
How to Customize Template Access:**

  1. Go to Template Library Admin and open the Settings.
  2. Select Customize for Subaccounts.
  3. Locate the sub-account and click Edit.
  4. Hide or Show categories or templates as needed.
  5. Click Save to apply changes.

This feature allows you to control template access and ensure subaccounts only see relevant resources based on their needs and plan.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How does the Template Library work?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236650-how-does-the-template-library-work-)
  * [How to add your own template in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001304-how-to-add-your-own-template-in-template-library-)
  * [How to clone templates in template library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001458-how-to-clone-templates-in-template-library-)
  * [How to add descriptions to your templates?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001459-how-to-add-descriptions-to-your-templates-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Manage and Create Templates from the Admin Screen](/support/solutions/articles/155000002959-how-to-manage-and-create-templates-from-the-admin-screen)
  * [How to add your own template in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001304-how-to-add-your-own-template-in-template-library-)
  * [How to add your email templates in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003186-how-to-add-your-email-templates-in-template-library-)
  * [How does the Template Library work?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236650-how-does-the-template-library-work-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
