Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Action - Add to Notes

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Add to Notes

Modified on: Wed, 21 Aug, 2024 at 7:32 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * Action Details
  * Example

##   

## Overview

The "Add to Notes" action allows you to insert specific notes directly into a contact's record. This is essential for keeping track of important details about a contact or any custom information that might be relevant for future reference.

## Action Name

**Add to Notes**

##  Action Description

  * This action enables the addition of custom notes to a contact's record. These notes can include any information that may help in future interactions, such as specific requests, follow-up actions, or personal details shared by the contact.
  * Custom values can also be added in the notes using the custom value picker.
  * The added notes will be visible in the contact details under the "Notes" Field.

## Action Details

Step by Step Guide

  * **Choose the Action Type:** Select "**Add to Notes** " from the list of available actions.
  * **Name Your Action:** Enter a descriptive name for the action, such as "**Add Notes**."
  * **Add the Note:  **Type the note in the text editor that you want to add to the Contact.
  * **Custom Values:** You can use any custom values using the custom value picker.
  * **Trigger links:  **Trigger links can also be added in the notes using the "Trigger Links" icon.

## Example

### Add a note when customer books an appointment

**Scenario:** A business wants to add a note with the contact and appointment details when an appointment is booked.

**Workflow Setup:**

  * **Trigger:  **Appointment Booked
  * **Action:  **Add to Notes
  * **Fields:  **Text Editor

**Workflow Trigger:**

  1. ****Appointment Booked:**  **The contact will enter the workflow when they have booked an appointment.

**Workflow Actions:**

  1. **Add to Notes:** Add the details in the text editor using the details from the custom value picker.
  2. **Send Internal Notification:** Send an internal notification to the team.

**Outcome:** This ensures that the Note is added and can be viewed under the "Notes" section for each contact.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Add To Google Analytics](/support/solutions/articles/155000003367-workflow-action-add-to-google-analytics)
  * [Workflow Action - Record Voicemail](/support/solutions/articles/155000003373-workflow-action-record-voicemail)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Conversations](/support/solutions/articles/48001236598-eliza-agent-platform-conversations)
  * [Workflow Action - IVR End Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000003372-workflow-action-ivr-end-call)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
