Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. How to Enable and Rebill Workflow AI?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Enable and Rebill Workflow AI?

Modified on: Wed, 1 May, 2024 at 6:45 AM

    - **Agencies on****Any Plan**** ** ($97, $970, $297, $2970, $497, $4970) can access Workflow AI.  
      
    - Once Workflow AI is enabled via the Agency settings, __EXISTING__ and New Sub-Accounts will have _**100 free executions**_.  
       
    - For agencies to avoid accruing execution costs for EXISTING Sub-Accounts, rebilling will need to be enabled _**manually**_ for each Sub-Account within the Agency view (more info).  
      
    - If Workflow AI is **enabled** on the SaaS Configurator, new Sub-Accounts generated will _automatically_ be enrolled in Workflow AI, _**no further**_ action is required by the agency.

####   

# **How to enable Workflow AI at the Agency level?**

  * To enable **LC Premium Triggers & Actions** for your whole Agency (including all your Sub-Accounts), head into your **AgencyLevel** > **Settings** > **Company** > **LC - Premium Triggers & Actions** and enable the toggle.  

  * Check the box "I confirm that I agree to the Workflow AI terms." And then hit Enable.  

  * You can enable or disable the Workflow AI feature or rebill for each Sub-Account in **Agency Settings > Workflow AI**. You can access Sub-Account Settings only if Workflow AI is enabled at the Agency Level.  

        **Please Note:**

    **_Agencies on**Any Plan**_   ($97, $970, $297, $2970, $497, $4970) can access Workflow AI.**

* * *

# **Workflow AI Pricing**

  * Once Premium Actions & Triggers are enabled via the Agency settings, **_EXISTING_** and New Sub-Accounts will have _**100 free executions**_.  

  * Once the 100 free executions are consumed, **0.03$/execution** will be debited from the Agency Wallet for each execution for GPT 4 Turbo model and **0.015$/execution** for GPT 3.5 Turbo model from any Sub-Accounts usages _UNLESS_ re-billing is enabled (see below for more info).

* * *

# **Re-billing the costs to your clients and making a profit**

**(only for 497 SaaS Agencies)**

Once you have enabled Workflow AI in your agency account, it will be automatically enabled for all your clients to use. 

You can bill your clients at cost or add markup.

## **How to turn on re-billing for my clients?**

  1. Ensure you have enabled **Workflow AI** for your Agency first. (see instructions)  

  2. If the sub-account isn't in SaaS Mode already, switch the sub-account into SaaS Mode by going into your **Agency account** > **Accounts tab  **> **Scroll to the sub-account** > Click the **three dots icon** and select "**Switch to SaaS.** "  [How to convert a location to SaaS](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001184920).  

  3. In **Agency account** > **Accounts tab** > Scroll to the **Sub-Account** > Click the **View Details  **link > Scroll to the **Workflow AI** Re-Sell Settings section and toggle it on.  

  4. Use the slider to set the amount of markup you like to make and hit save!  

  5. Rinse and repeat for all your Sub-Accounts where you wish to rebill for usage.

* * *

# **How does re-billing work?**

  * Agencies pay HighLevel and get invoices with high-level branding
  * Sub-accounts (your clients) pay you (the agency) and get invoices with your branding. The money is deposited in your Stripe account connected to your agency level. [How do I connect my agency's Stripe account to collect client payments?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001171910)

This is very similar to other products that use re-billing or reselling models in the platform. Just like LC Phone or LC Email re-billing, re-billing of the Premium Workflow actions also utilizes "credits" from the agency wallet & the location wallet, respectively. 

#   
**How to use Workflow AI?**

**White-labeled instructions for your clients**

[](https://share-docs.clickup.com/8631005/d/h/87cpx-81404/c965877bd0063d8/87cpx-73044)<https://doc.clickup.com/8631005/d/h/87cpx-98324/65a533d2c7bd664>

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)
  * [Workflows Starter Plus Plan - Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000003971-workflows-starter-plus-plan-pricing)
  * [AI Tools in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002166-ai-tools-in-highlevel)
  * [How to enable and rebill LC Premium Triggers & Actions for Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001231559-how-to-enable-and-rebill-lc-premium-triggers-actions-for-workflows)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
