Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  6. Agency Settings - "Conversation AI" Tab

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Agency Settings - "Conversation AI" Tab

Modified on: Mon, 15 Jul, 2024 at 12:28 AM

Once Conversation AI is enabled for your agency from the "Company" tab in Agency Settings, a new "Conversation AI" tab gets added to your Agency settings. Manage the Feature and Rebilling for each Sub-account in this new tab.

**In This Article**

    * Enable/ Disable Feature
    * Enable/Disable Rebilling

* * *

## Enable/ Disable Feature

Use the toggle, to manage the feature for each sub-account. Switching the toggle off will not let that sub-account use conversation AI and if the sub-account was already using conversation AI, it will stop any further AI generation in that subaccount

## Enable/Disable Rebilling

Use the toggle, to manage Rebilling for each sub-account. Switching the toggle off will stop Rebilling for that sub-account and the agency will have to bear the cost for that sub-account

##   

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Conversation AI Bot - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000001335-conversation-ai-bot-explained)
  * [Pricing and Rebilling Conversation AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000001357-pricing-and-rebilling-conversation-ai)
  * [Workflow X Conversation AI - Conversation AI Action *Beta](/support/solutions/articles/155000001358-workflow-x-conversation-ai-conversation-ai-action-beta)
  * [Enable Conversation AI for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000001361-enable-conversation-ai-for-your-agency)

## You may like to read -

  * [Enable Conversation AI for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000001361-enable-conversation-ai-for-your-agency)
  * [Pricing and Rebilling Conversation AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000001357-pricing-and-rebilling-conversation-ai)
  * [Conversation AI: Custom Conversation and SMS Providers Support](/support/solutions/articles/155000003214-conversation-ai-custom-conversation-and-sms-providers-support)
  * [Training the Conversation AI Bot](/support/solutions/articles/155000000996-training-the-conversation-ai-bot)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
