Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  6. Collect Payments with Recurring Appointments (Booking Wid...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Collect Payments with Recurring Appointments (Booking Widget)

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 10:56 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Payment Options for Recurring Appointment
  * How to Set This Up

* * *

Recurring appointments are appointments that repeat according to a set schedule, such as daily, weekly, or monthly.

### **Payment Options for Recurring Appointment**

You can accept payments for recurring appointments on the booking widget with two options:

  1. **Collect Payment for First Appointment Only**
     * The payment is collected for the initial appointment only. For example, if you have 3 recurring appointments and the price is $50 per appointment, you will collect $50 at the time of booking. Subsequent payments for the remaining appointments will need to be collected manually.
  2. **Collect Payment for All Appointments**
     * The total amount is collected at the time of booking, covering all appointments in the series. For example, for 3 recurring appointments at $50 each, a total of $150 is collected upfront. However, the final amount charged may vary depending on how many appointments are actually booked. This could change based on your availability and the settings you’ve configured for handling unavailability.

**Note:  ****Recurring Calendars do not support partial payments.**

* * *

### **How to Set This Up**

**1\. Go to Calendar Settings** :

  * Navigate to **Calendar Settings** and select the calendar you wish to configure.

**2\. Ensure Recurring Meetings and Payment Provider Are Set Up** :

  * Make sure **Recurring Meetings** are enabled (go to **Calendar > Availability Tab**) and your payment provider is integrated (check **Payments Module > Integration**).

**3\. Configure Payment Options** :

  * In the selected calendar, go to the **Forms and Payments** tab.
  * Under **Accept Payments** , if recurring appointments are enabled, you will see options to **Collect Payment for First Appointment Only** or **Collect Payment for All Appointments**.
  * Choose your preferred option and click **Save**.

With these settings, payments for recurring appointments will be handled according to your selected option.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Consent checkbox for compliance](/support/solutions/articles/155000001032-consent-checkbox-for-compliance)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)

## You may like to read -

  * [Collecting Payments in Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000000875-collecting-payments-in-calendars)
  * [Cancellation & Reschedule Policy (Booking Widget)](/support/solutions/articles/155000002738-cancellation-reschedule-policy-booking-widget-)
  * [Configure Recurring Calendar Appointments](/support/solutions/articles/48001230991-configure-recurring-calendar-appointments)
  * [Recurring Appointments](/support/solutions/articles/155000003450-recurring-appointments)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
