Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to Use Product Labels and Ribbons in an Ecommerce Store

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use Product Labels and Ribbons in an Ecommerce Store

Modified on: Tue, 10 Sep, 2024 at 10:32 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * About:
  * How to use:
  * Notes:

## **About:**

This feature will enable store owners to showcase products distinctively on product list and product details pages by allowing them to add customisable product labels or ribbons. Store owners can set a timer to the Product labels as well, post which the label goes away.

## **How to use:**

  * Store owners can setup product labels/ ribbons for products in their e-commerce stores at: 

Payment > Products > Enable Product label

.
  * Store owners can set a optional starting and ending date and time to the product labels. Product labels can be added for every product distinctively for any time duration.

## **Notes:**

  * Starting and Ending date and time will be set according to the sub-account location's time zone.
  * The end date and time should be greater than start end date and time. Also, end date and time should be greater than current date and time for label to show up.

Setting up the product label:

Preview on website:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to print shipping labels or packing slips for my store orders?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002943-how-to-print-shipping-labels-or-packing-slips-for-my-store-orders-)
  * [How to Print Packing Slips for Your Ecommerce Orders](/support/solutions/articles/155000003121-how-to-print-packing-slips-for-your-ecommerce-orders)
  * [How to use Printful Integration with your Ecommerce Store?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002442-how-to-use-printful-integration-with-your-ecommerce-store-)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
