Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Domain Purchase](/support/solutions/155000000165)
  4. [Domain Purchase](/support/solutions/folders/155000000829)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Domain Purchase](/support/solutions/155000000165)
     * [Domain Purchase](/support/solutions/folders/155000000829)
  6. How to Purchase Domain Step by Step

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Purchase Domain Step by Step

Modified on: Wed, 25 Sep, 2024 at 9:44 AM

The Domain Purchase feature in HighLevel allows agencies to enable locations, and sub-accounts to buy and manage domains directly within the platform. This article will guide you through enabling, managing, and rebilling domain purchases.

**How to Enable Domain Purchase**

  * To enable **Domain Purchase** for your whole Agency (including all your Sub-Accounts), head into your **AgencyLevel** > **Settings** > **Company** > **Domain Purchase** and enable the toggle.  

  * Check the box "I confirm that I agree to the Domain Purchase terms." And then hit Enable.
  * You can enable or disable the Domain Purchase feature or rebill for each Sub-Account in **Agency Settings > Domain Purchase**. You can access Sub-Account Settings only if Domain Purchase is enabled at the Agency Level.

        **Please Note:**

    **_Agencies on**Any Plan**_   ($97, $970, $297, $2970, $497, $4970) can access Domain Purchase.**

### **Purchasing a Domain**

  * Once Domain purchase is enabled, Go to Location settings and go to Domains Page
  * Use the search bar to check domain availability.
  * You will see that domain and list of other recommended domain
  * Click on Buy to purchase the domain directly from the platform.

  * It takes about 1 minute to complete the domain registration process.

### **Configuring and Managing Domains**

  1. Go to Domains Page. Click on Configure for the purchased domain and you will be able to see all the options.
  2. Modify DNS records with a single click for quick updates and configurations.
  3. Type of record supported as of now:
    1. A
    2. CName
    3. AAAA
    4. MX
    5. TXT
  4. You can also connect this domain to sites product directly from connect domain.
  5.   6.   7.   8.   9. 

**Integration with domain connect**

  * For every product at sub account level, In the domain connect flow, if the domain is purchased through highlevel, it will automatically authorize and add the records.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Enable and Rebill Domain Purchase?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003454-how-to-enable-and-rebill-domain-purchase-)
  * [How to Purchase Domain Step by Step](/support/solutions/articles/155000003610-how-to-purchase-domain-step-by-step)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to set up Root Domain/Subdomain for your Funnels/Websites?](/support/solutions/articles/48001153720-how-to-set-up-root-domain-subdomain-for-your-funnels-websites-)
  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [How to Enable and Rebill Funnel AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000003710-how-to-enable-and-rebill-funnel-ai)
  * [Email Tracking for LC Email](/support/solutions/articles/155000003213-email-tracking-for-lc-email)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
