Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [Deliverability](/support/solutions/folders/48000665893)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [Deliverability](/support/solutions/folders/48000665893)
  6. How to Resubscribe After Unsubscribing from an Email List

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Resubscribe After Unsubscribing from an Email List

Modified on: Wed, 31 Jul, 2024 at 4:53 PM

Introducing the quick opt-in option in email unsubscribe workflow.

Problem Statement:

Previously, the process to re-opt into our mailing list after unsubscribing was complicated and lacked a same-window solution.

What We Did:

To address this, we've introduced a quick resubscribe link directly within the unsubscribe success message. Now, if a user unsubscribes by mistake, they can easily opt back in by clicking the resubscribe link. This action will immediately remove the email from the Do Not Disturb (DND) list.

How to Test?

  1. Go to Email Marketing.
  2. Create and send a campaign to a dummy contact.
  3. Click the unsubscribe link in the email.
  4. Use the resubscribe link in the success message.

  5. Check the DND section in contacts.

Note:

Users re-opting in may still appear under unsubscribed in campaign statistics. We are working to fix this.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [An Introduction To Email Deliverability](/support/solutions/articles/48001063371-an-introduction-to-email-deliverability)
  * [Step by Step guide to Creating Custom Unsubscribe Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001175857-step-by-step-guide-to-creating-custom-unsubscribe-links)
  * [Workflow Action based on Email Event Clicked/Opened](/support/solutions/articles/48001208599-workflow-action-based-on-email-event-clicked-opened)
  * [Why Are My Emails Going To Spam?](/support/solutions/articles/48001063372-why-are-my-emails-going-to-spam-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Set Up Unsubscribe Links for LC - Email](/support/solutions/articles/48001225534-how-to-set-up-unsubscribe-links-for-lc-email)
  * [Email Builder: Understanding Advance Conditions for Smart Lists and Tags](/support/solutions/articles/48001223041-email-builder-understanding-advance-conditions-for-smart-lists-and-tags)
  * [Why Are My Emails Going To Spam?](/support/solutions/articles/48001063372-why-are-my-emails-going-to-spam-)
  * [Error Notifications in workflows](/support/solutions/articles/155000003065-error-notifications-in-workflows)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
