Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
  4. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  6. How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Co...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts

Modified on: Fri, 15 Mar, 2024 at 10:48 PM

Improved Email Template Customisation and Enhanced Notifications

Introducing a set of enhancements to Documents & Contracts which will provide businesses with more control over their communication processes. Here’s what’s new in this release:

Customisable Email Templates

Businesses can now personalise email templates for sending documents or signed copies to clients. Create templates that reflect your and communication style.

User-Friendly Settings

Access these customisation options within the Settings page under “Customer Notifications” and “Team Notifications” for a quick and hassle-free setup.

Default Team Notifications

Team notifications will now be sent to the business user who is sending the document by default. This keeps the sender informed

Dynamic Document Customization

Easily insert Document's custom values directly into the email content. This allows to include links, customer details, total amounts, and more in the email templates, making the communication engaging and informative.

Use the "Proposals" Custom Values when building an email  

Here is how to add the proposal URL to an email

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)
  * [Automatic invoice creation after Document/Contract is signed](/support/solutions/articles/155000001299-automatic-invoice-creation-after-document-contract-is-signed)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001300-multiple-recipient-support-on-documents-contracts)

## You may like to read -

  * [Documents & Contracts trigger inside workflows](/support/solutions/articles/155000001491-documents-contracts-trigger-inside-workflows)
  * [Split Columns Support: Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000004041-split-columns-support-documents-contracts)
  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [Email & In-App Appointment Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000003441-email-in-app-appointment-notifications)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
