Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Campaigns are no longer maintained

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Campaigns are no longer maintained

Modified on: Tue, 30 Jul, 2024 at 12:20 AM

Our platform has been evolving rapidly and Workflows is a robust feature designed to enhance your automation experience. As a part of this evolution, we will be sunsetting the Campaigns feature.

**Why the change?** Workflows provide a more powerful and flexible automation solution, simplifying workflow management and maintenance.

**Timeline for Sunsetting Campaigns**

**Step 1 -** User will not be able to create new Campaigns and Triggers from 15th April 2024

**Step 2 -** No support will be available for Campaigns and Triggers from 15th April 2024

**What does this mean for you?**

  * **Migration to Workflows:** We encourage you to migrate your existing Campaigns to Workflows for a seamless transition.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Pause or Cancel a Scheduled Email?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003462-how-to-pause-or-cancel-a-scheduled-email-)
  * [How to set up a Manual SMS action](/support/solutions/articles/48000979921-how-to-set-up-a-manual-sms-action)
  * [Managing Multiple Campaigns in Affiliate Marketing](/support/solutions/articles/155000003638-managing-multiple-campaigns-in-affiliate-marketing)
  * [How to analyze workflow campaigns?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003902-how-to-analyze-workflow-campaigns-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
