Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Communities Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/155000000746)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Communities Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/155000000746)
  6. Community workflow trigger & action - Grant/ Revoke P...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Community workflow trigger & action - Grant/ Revoke Private Channel Access

Modified on: Mon, 7 Oct, 2024 at 12:24 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * How to Configure
  * Example

* * *

## Overview

The Grant/Revoke Private Channel Access workflow action allows for automated management of private channel access, enhancing community interactions and user experience.  

## Trigger Name 

  * Private Channel Access Granted
  * Private Channel Access Revoked

## Action Name

  * Grant Private Channel Access
  * Revoke Private Channel Access

## Action Description

  * The "**Grant Private Channel Access** " action is used when a user wants to grant access to a member for a specific channel (private channel) within a community group. **And simultaneously add to community group as well.** This automation ensures that users receive timely updates and can engage with relevant channel - content and members.
  * The "**Revoke Private Channel Access** " action is used when a user wants to revoke access of a member to a specific channel (example - a private channel) within a community group,**  yet ****keeping them a part of the group**.

## How to Configure

  1. **Navigate to the Workflow Builder:  **Access the Workflow Builder in your GoHighLevel account.
  2. **Create a New Workflow:**
    1. Click on "Create a Workflow."
    2. Select the relevant action type: "Grant Private Channel Access" or "Revoke Private Channel Access"
  3. **Configure Trigger Details** :
     * Specify which group and eventually which private channel you want to grant/revoke access for. You can only see option for private channels and ability to select them, make sure you have relevant private channel
     * **If a member is not a part of the group already, they will be added to the group and eventually the channel you chose.**
     * Add any subsequent actions you wish to automate.  

  4. **Test Your Workflow** : Ensure that the workflow operates as expected by testing it in a controlled environment.
  5. **Save and Activate** : Once confirmed, save your workflow and activate it for use.

## Example

For instance, if a new member joins a book club community, you can set up a workflow that automatically grants them access to the "Book Upgrades" private channel. This ensures they receive immediate updates about upcoming discussions and can engage with other members right away.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Workflow Trigger - Courses New Sign Up](/support/solutions/articles/155000003098-workflow-trigger-courses-new-sign-up)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Product Completed](/support/solutions/articles/155000003258-workflow-trigger-product-completed)
  * [Trigger - Group access granted](/support/solutions/articles/155000003538-trigger-group-access-granted)
  * [Trigger - Group Access Revoked](/support/solutions/articles/155000003539-trigger-group-access-revoked)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Triggers for Communities: Granting and Revoking Group Access](/support/solutions/articles/155000001239-workflow-triggers-for-communities-granting-and-revoking-group-access)
  * [Private Channels and Channel Emojis](/support/solutions/articles/155000002849-private-channels-and-channel-emojis)
  * [Workflow Action - Slack Message](/support/solutions/articles/155000003273-workflow-action-slack-message)
  * [Trigger - Group Access Revoked](/support/solutions/articles/155000003539-trigger-group-access-revoked)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
