Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  6. How to Use Service Calendars in the Mobile App

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use Service Calendars in the Mobile App

Modified on: Wed, 7 Aug, 2024 at 2:40 PM

We're thrilled to announce our latest update to our Mobile Apps - The introduction of Service Calendars. Sub-account admins and users will now be able to access all their service appointments inside the calendar section as well as create a new service appointment with any of their contacts. This update is available on HighLevel, LeadConnector, and White-labelled (update needs to be requested) mobile apps.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What's New
  * How It Works
  * Availability

## **What's New**

  1. View service calendar appointments

  2. Create new service calendar appointments

## **How It Works**

  1. Open the mobile app with your preferred sub-account selected.
  2. Head over to the calendars section. You will see all your service appointments under their relevant dates.
  3. To create a new service appointment, tap on the "+" button and tap on Schedule appointment.
  4. From the calendar dropdown, choose a service calendar that you have created on web.
  5. You will then have to select the relevant room for the service. Once the room has been selected, equipment will automatically be assigned based on availability.
  6. Fill out all the other relevant details and hit save to successfully schedule the appointment!Why it Matters

This update finally allows users to view and create service appointments from the mobile app.

## **Availability**

  * HighLevel (iOS, Android) - v3.74 or later
  * LeadConnector (iOS, Android) - v3.74 or later
  * WhiteLabel (iOS, Android) - v3.74 or later

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Consent checkbox for compliance](/support/solutions/articles/155000001032-consent-checkbox-for-compliance)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use POS with Your Service Calendar in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003445-how-to-use-pos-with-your-service-calendar-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [Mobile Apps Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001702-mobile-apps-overview)
  * [How to set up Custom Notifications as a User in a Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001224427-how-to-set-up-custom-notifications-as-a-user-in-a-sub-account)
  * [How to Create Service Menus for Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000001161-how-to-create-service-menus-for-calendars)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
