Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to Sort and Filter Products in HighLevel Ecommerce Si...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Sort and Filter Products in HighLevel Ecommerce Site Builder

Modified on: Wed, 7 Aug, 2024 at 10:42 AM

Arrangement of products within the Product list page was an issue. Buyers always faced issue with the discoverability of products and as a store owner this was a bottleneck. To tackle this problem, store owners can now add the sort and filter option in the product list page.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to use:
  * Some key aspects:
  * Images:

## **How to use:**

  1. Navigate to the product list page, and select the product list element. There would now be 2 toggles to enable Sorting and Filtering. Enable them to add Sort & Filter elements to your Product List page.
  2. Configure properties for the sort and Filter. Some of the properties that can be configured are:

  * Sort and filter text color
  * Sort and filter pill color
  * Reset button color

  3. Click on save/Publish to view your changes in your site!

## **Some key aspects:**

  * Sort and filter options are only available in the product list page
  * Default sort order is Date - Old to new
  * By default all products will be shown without any filters

## **Images:**

Adding Sort & Filter to your store-

Configure properties of Sort & Filter-

Filter option preview in product list page- 

Applying Filter to products-

Sort option preview in product list page- 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Sell Your Subscription Based Services & Recurring Products in Your GHL Ecom Store](/support/solutions/articles/155000002833-how-to-sell-your-subscription-based-services-recurring-products-in-your-ghl-ecom-store)
  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Search Bar Element in Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002771-search-bar-element-in-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Sites Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001633-sites-overview)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
