Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [IVR Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/155000000744)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [IVR Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/155000000744)
  6. IVR - Start IVR Trigger

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# IVR - Start IVR Trigger

Modified on: Tue, 27 Aug, 2024 at 5:07 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Trigger Name
  * Trigger Description
  * How to Configure
  * Example

##   

## Overview

The "Start IVR Trigger" in HighLevel enables you to create and manage interactive voice response (IVR) systems within your workflows. This trigger allows you to initiate a multi-step voice menu that guides callers through various options, ensuring they reach the correct department or receive the desired information efficiently.

## Trigger Name

Start IVR Trigger

## Trigger Description

The Start IVR Trigger is designed to launch an IVR sequence when a specified event occurs, such as an inbound call to your business to the IVR phone number. This trigger helps automate the routing of calls, allowing callers to interact with pre-recorded voice prompts and navigate through options using their phone keypad.

## How to Configure

**Step by Step Guide**

  * **Choose the Action Type:** Select "Start IVR Trigger" from the list of available triggers.
  * **Name Your Action:** Enter a descriptive name for the workflow trigger name, such as "Trigger IVR call".
  * **Configure the trigger** to be activated by an inbound call and choose the phone number.
  * **Add custom fields** in filters as required.
  * **Save and Activate:  **Save the trigger and activate it to start using the IVR system for inbound calls.

**Note** : Once a phone number is mapped to a IVR workflow it cannot be mapped to any other IVR workflow

## Example

**Scenario:** You want to set up an IVR system that directs callers to the correct department within your company.

  1. **Create Workflow Trigger:**

     * Set the "Start IVR" trigger to activate when any inbound call is received on your main business line.
  2. **Choose Tigger name and filters.**

  3. **Within the Filters,  **add an inbound phone number for which the IVR will get activated.

  4. **Save and Activate:**

     * Finalize your IVR setup and activate the workflow. Now, any inbound calls will trigger the IVR system.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [IVR - Start IVR Trigger](/support/solutions/articles/155000003203-ivr-start-ivr-trigger)

## You may like to read -

  * [IVR (Triggers and Actions)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001200-ivr-triggers-and-actions-)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [End IVR call](/support/solutions/articles/155000002285-end-ivr-call)
  * [In app call for IVR](/support/solutions/articles/155000002456-in-app-call-for-ivr)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
