Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Template Library](/support/solutions/folders/48000687583)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Template Library](/support/solutions/folders/48000687583)
  6. How to add your email templates in Template Library?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to add your email templates in Template Library?

Modified on: Fri, 23 Aug, 2024 at 10:59 PM

Uploading your email templates to a template library helps you keep everything organized and easily accessible. This guide will show you how to upload your templates so you can quickly find and use them whenever you need.

**Why It’s Useful**

  1. **Easy Access** : Quickly find and use your templates without searching through files.
  2. **Consistency** : Maintain a uniform look and feel across all communications.
  3. **Efficiency** : Update and tweak templates easily, saving time.
  4. **Team Collaboration** : Share templates with team members seamlessly.
  5. **Performance Tracking** : Monitor and improve your email effectiveness with built-in analytics.

**How to Add Your Templates to Template Library?**

1\. Go to Email Marketing

2\. Go the relevant asset in the list view

3\. Click on three dots, there will be option to add to Template Library

4\. Add the name of Template and select one category

5\. It will redirect to Template Library Admin mode

\- you can now add cover photo

\- you can now add tags, edit name and select category

\- Give brief description about the template

\- Add predefined requirements to use like Integrate strip to use one step order form in Funnels

\- Add Featured Tags to make your templates unique.

6\. Once the template is ready, make it public (this will make the template visible in subaccounts to be used by subaccount clients) and make it draft will allow to just show inside template library admin panel to make future edits.

**SubAccount View of Template Library-**  

**Agency View of Template Library -  **

IMPORTANT

**1\. Who can add templates/edit templates details in the Template Library?**

It allows Agency admin to add the templates from any sub-accounts and manage them.  

**2\. Is adding of Template available on all plans?***

It is available on $497 Plan and above to add their own templates to Template Library  

**3\. If there are any updates in template added to template library, how does it handle?**

\-  When the template is in draft stage, it will keep the updated record all the elements and keep it up-to date

\- When the template is public, it will not update the templated with new elements. We will support the update in future releases.  

**4.Can we hide/edit Templates already present in Template Library?**

We don't support hiding or editing already added templates in Template Library. You can always clone and edit the records of templates created by the admin of agency. The admin will not be able to hide/edit already present tags and category too.

Don't miss out on this game-changing resource! Get access to our Template Library today and revolutionise the way you create!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How does the Template Library work?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236650-how-does-the-template-library-work-)
  * [How to add your own template in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001304-how-to-add-your-own-template-in-template-library-)
  * [How to clone templates in template library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001458-how-to-clone-templates-in-template-library-)
  * [How to add descriptions to your templates?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001459-how-to-add-descriptions-to-your-templates-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to add your own template in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001304-how-to-add-your-own-template-in-template-library-)
  * [How to clone templates in template library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001458-how-to-clone-templates-in-template-library-)
  * [How does the Template Library work?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236650-how-does-the-template-library-work-)
  * [How to hide default or GHL templates from template library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003330-how-to-hide-default-or-ghl-templates-from-template-library-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
