Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Getting Started w/ Workflows](/support/solutions/folders/155000000735)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Getting Started w/ Workflows](/support/solutions/folders/155000000735)
  6. Workflows Starter Plus Plan - Pricing

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflows Starter Plus Plan - Pricing

Modified on: Wed, 23 Oct, 2024 at 1:56 PM

Introducing a new pricing plan called the **Starter Plus Plan** , designed to help agencies save up to 40% on monthly premium workflow costs for most locations. Perfect for power Workflow users. Starting at $10 for 10,000 premium actions and triggers.

**Guide on Plan details, how to purchase, rebilling and reselling**

  * Plan Details
  * Reselling
  * Rebilling
  * How to purchase the pack for a location

* * *

### **Plan Details:**

  * ### **Subscription Plan** : Agencies can purchase the Starter Plus Plan for $10, which includes 10,000 premium executions. 

  * ### **Validity** : The subscription is valid for 30 days and can be purchased once a month. 

  * ### **Scope of Usage** : The plan covers premium actions, triggers, and marketplace actions and triggers only. 

  * ### Workflow AI actions are not included and will be charged separately based on the model used. 

  * ### **Unused Credits** : Any unused executions will not carry over to the following month. 

  * ### **Additional Charges** : After reaching the 10,000 execution limit, additional executions will be charged at $0.01 per execution. 

  * ### **Separate Recharge Pack** : This plan must be purchased as a standalone recharge pack. By default, without the plan, users are charged $0.01 per execution. 

  * ### **Rebilling** : The Starter Plus Plan supports rebilling, allowing agencies to add their own markup. The base price starts at $10. 

  * ### **Limit Per Location** : Each location can purchase the plan once per month.

### **Reselling**

  * Agencies can resell their locations from the agency settings page. Default price is $10.  
****

**  
**

### **Rebilling**

  * Agencies can choose to purchase the plan for their user and then rebill them from the agency settings.

  * 

### **How to purchase the pack for a location**

  * Navigate to Automations
  *   * Click on global workflow settings
  * Click on pay and subscribe for workflows pro plan. This will enable 10,000 executions valid for 1 month.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Workflow Notes, Action Notes & Sticky Notes](/support/solutions/articles/155000003914-workflow-notes-action-notes-sticky-notes)
  * [Workflows Starter Plus Plan - Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000003971-workflows-starter-plus-plan-pricing)
  * [Workflows - Advanced Filters & Smart List](/support/solutions/articles/155000003974-workflows-advanced-filters-smart-list)

## You may like to read -

  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)
  * [Affiliate Split Commissions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000002420-affiliate-split-commissions-overview)
  * [Set Up Your App Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000001217-set-up-your-app-pricing)
  * [Changing your app pricing plan in the App Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000003967-changing-your-app-pricing-plan-in-the-app-marketplace)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
