Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Domain Purchase](/support/solutions/155000000165)
  4. [Domain Purchase](/support/solutions/folders/155000000829)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Domain Purchase](/support/solutions/155000000165)
     * [Domain Purchase](/support/solutions/folders/155000000829)
  6. How to Enable and Rebill Domain Purchase?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Enable and Rebill Domain Purchase?

Modified on: Wed, 25 Sep, 2024 at 3:28 AM

    - **Agencies on****Any Plan**** ** ($97, $970, $297, $2970, $497, $4970) can access Domain Purchase.  
      
    - Once Domain Purchase is enabled via the Agency settings, existing and new sub accounts will see an option to purchase domain
    
    - For agencies to avoid accruing execution costs for EXISTING Sub-Accounts, rebilling will need to be enabled _**manually**_ for each Sub-Account within the Agency view.
    
    - If Domain Purchase is **enabled** on the SaaS Configurator, new Sub-Accounts generated will _automatically_ be enrolled in Domain Purchase, _**no further**_ action is required by the agency.

####   

# **How to enable Domain Purchase at the Agency level?**

  * To enable **Domain Purchase** for your whole Agency (including all your Sub-Accounts), head into your **AgencyLevel** > **Settings** > **Company** > **Domain Purchase** and enable the toggle.  

  * Check the box "I confirm that I agree to the Domain Purchase terms." And then hit Enable.  

  * You can enable or disable the Domain Purchase feature or rebill for each Sub-Account in **Agency Settings > Domain Purchase**. You can access Sub-Account Settings only if Domain Purchase is enabled at the Agency Level.

        **Please Note:**

    **_Agencies on**Any Plan**_   ($97, $970, $297, $2970, $497, $4970) can access Domain Purchase.**

* * *

# **Domain Purchase Pricing**

  * Once Domain purchase is enabled, "Purchase a Domain" button will be shown in subaccounts "Domain Page"
  * Domain is chargeable for every domain purchase. The price of domain varies depending upon domain name and TLDs (like .com, .us, etc.)  

# **Re-billing the costs to your clients and making a profit**

**(only for 497 SaaS Agencies)**

Once you have enabled Domain Purchase in your agency account, it will be automatically enabled for all your clients to use. You can bill your clients at cost or add markup.

## **How to turn on re-billing for my clients?**

  1. Ensure you have enabled **Domain Purchase** for your Agency first. (see instructions)  

  2. If the sub-account isn't in SaaS Mode already, switch the sub-account into SaaS Mode by going into your **Agency account** > **Accounts tab  **> **Scroll to the sub-account** > Click the **three dots icon** and select "**Switch to SaaS.** "  [How to convert a location to SaaS](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001184920).  

  3. In **Agency account** > **Accounts tab** > Scroll to the **Sub-Account** > Click the **View Details  **link > Scroll to the **Domain Purchase** Re-Sell Settings section and toggle it on.  

  4. Use the slider to set the amount of markup you like to make and hit save!  

  5. Rinse and repeat for all your Sub-Accounts where you wish to rebill for usage.

* * *

# **How does re-billing work?**

  * Agencies pay HighLevel and get invoices with high-level branding
  * Sub-accounts (your clients) pay you (the agency) and get invoices with your branding. The money is deposited in your Stripe account connected to your agency level. [How do I connect my agency's Stripe account to collect client payments?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001171910)

This is very similar to other products that use re-billing or reselling models in the platform. Just like LC Phone or LC Email re-billing, re-billing of the Domain Purchase also utilizes "credits" from the agency wallet & the location wallet, respectively. 

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Enable and Rebill Domain Purchase?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003454-how-to-enable-and-rebill-domain-purchase-)
  * [How to Purchase Domain Step by Step](/support/solutions/articles/155000003610-how-to-purchase-domain-step-by-step)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Purchase Domain Step by Step](/support/solutions/articles/155000003610-how-to-purchase-domain-step-by-step)
  * [How to enable and rebill LC Email Validation](/support/solutions/articles/48001235221-how-to-enable-and-rebill-lc-email-validation)
  * [An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know](/support/solutions/articles/48000982604-an-inside-look-at-agency-company-settings-what-you-need-to-know)
  * [How to Enable and Rebill Funnel AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000003710-how-to-enable-and-rebill-funnel-ai)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
