Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Smart Lists](/support/solutions/folders/48000666017)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Smart Lists](/support/solutions/folders/48000666017)
  6. Contacts and Bulk Actions - FaQs

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Contacts and Bulk Actions - FaQs

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 12:15 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * General Questions
    * Why do I need to confirm my contacts have consented to hear from me while importing contacts?

* * *

# General Questions

## Why do I need to confirm my contacts have consented to hear from me while importing contacts?

Two main reasons why the consent from contacts is helpful while importing contacts:

  * **Protect Your Sending Reputation: I** mporting bulk contacts without proper consent can lead to higher bounce and spam rates, negatively impacting your sending reputation.
  * **Prevent Issues with Purchased or Rented Lists:  **Even if some lists claim to have opt-in consent, they may not be suitable for marketing communication tools. Contacts from purchased or rented sources are likely to bounce, unsubscribe, mark emails as spam, and may cause blocklistings.

## What are the different bulk actions that cannot be restored?

The following bulk actions cannot be restored:

  * Bulk Email
  * Bulk Email Verification
  * Bulk Update Contacts to Company
  * Bulk Tag Add
  * Bulk SMS

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Adding Files To Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48001171922-adding-files-to-contacts)
  * [Allow duplicate contact explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181714-allow-duplicate-contact-explained)
  * [Automatically Merge Facebook Messenger Contacts With Lead Ad Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48001146104-automatically-merge-facebook-messenger-contacts-with-lead-ad-contacts)
  * [Birthdays And How To Sort Contacts By Age](/support/solutions/articles/48001077108-birthdays-and-how-to-sort-contacts-by-age)

## You may like to read -

  * [FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002000-faqs)
  * [LC - Phone Messaging Policy](/support/solutions/articles/48001213941-lc-phone-messaging-policy)
  * [Bulk Actions For Contacts & SmartLists](/support/solutions/articles/48001167703-bulk-actions-for-contacts-smartlists)
  * [Bulk Add and Remove Tags from Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002830-bulk-add-and-remove-tags-from-contacts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
