Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665901)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665901)
  6. Bot Detection Preventing Statistics Increment and Automat...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Bot Detection Preventing Statistics Increment and Automation Execution

Modified on: Thu, 1 Aug, 2024 at 7:28 AM

### **Overview**

In the realm of email marketing, accurate metrics are crucial for understanding customer engagement and the effectiveness of your campaigns. Bots can artificially inflate your open and click rates, leading to misleading data. To combat this, we have introduced the Bot Detection Preventing Statistics Increment and Automation Execution feature.

### **What Does This Feature Do?**

This feature identifies and mitigates the impact of bots interacting with your emails. When a bot is detected opening or clicking an email, the following actions are taken:

  1. **Preventing Statistics Increment** : The email open or click counter will not increment, ensuring your engagement metrics reflect only genuine user interactions.
  2. **Preventing Automation Execution** : Any automation events triggered by email opens or clicks will not execute if a bot is detected, maintaining the integrity of your automated workflows.

### **How to enable/disable the Bot Detection Prevention Settings?**

**By default, the Bot Detection Preventing Statistics Increment and Automation Execution feature is turned off.**

Navigate to Settings -> Business Profile. Under the "General Section," you can find the settings Check/uncheck to enable and disable the settings

    ONLY applicable to LC Email System an Mailgun users.

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Sending Priority - From Name & Address](/support/solutions/articles/48000979925-sending-priority-from-name-address)
  * [Email Services Configuration - Reply & Forward Settings](/support/solutions/articles/48001155000-email-services-configuration-reply-forward-settings)
  * [List of all outgoing system generated emails](/support/solutions/articles/48001209235-list-of-all-outgoing-system-generated-emails)
  * [Filter Contacts by Email Stats and Enhanced Filtering Options](/support/solutions/articles/155000000330-filter-contacts-by-email-stats-and-enhanced-filtering-options)

## You may like to read -

  * [Conversation AI: New Query Detection Flow](/support/solutions/articles/155000003206-conversation-ai-new-query-detection-flow)
  * [Conversation AI: Multiple Messages in One Workflow Action](/support/solutions/articles/155000003207-conversation-ai-multiple-messages-in-one-workflow-action)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [Workflows vs Campaigns/Triggers (Deprecated features)](/support/solutions/articles/48001229927-workflows-vs-campaigns-triggers-deprecated-features-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
