Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. How to Use Site and Funnel Analytics in HighLevel

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use Site and Funnel Analytics in HighLevel

Modified on: Sun, 18 Aug, 2024 at 7:31 PM

We are thrilled to announce the launch of our new Sites Analytics dashboard, which will empower you with actionable insights into website and funnel performance. You'll be able to effortlessly track and analyze key metrics, optimize online presence and drive results with graph based visual insights. ?

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Key Features
    * Comprehensive Funnel and Website Analytics 
    * Customizable Date Range
    * Key metrics 
  * How to Use
  * Benefits

## **Key Features**

### **Comprehensive Funnel and Website Analytics  **

  1. Gain a holistic view of performance by tracking analytics for all your funnels and websites in a single, unified dashboard.
  2. Quickly visualize changes in performance metrics with percentage indicators, showing the % change for the current date frame vs the previous date frame.
  3. Seamlessly understand visitor behavior, engagement, and conversion metrics.

### **Customizable Date Range**

  1. Select any date range to analyze specific time period.
  2. View detailed timelines of page views, opt-ins, sales, and order conversion rates for your chosen duration.

### **Key metrics  **

  1. Page views: See how many times any funnel was visited, along with insights on unique page views.

  2. Opt-in: Number of conversions in your funnel/website (eg. purchased a product OR submitted a form/survey OR booked appointment)

  3. Sales: Revenue generated by your funnel/website.

  4. Opt-in conversion rate: Opt-ins divided by unique page views.

## **How to Use**

  1. Log in to your account, navigate to the Sites section followed by clicking on the new Analytics tab.
  2. Choose whether you want to see analytics data for a funnel or a website, and select the funnel/website or view analytics for all using the drop down picker.
  3. Use the date picker to select the desired date range for your analysis.
  4. Explore the detailed metrics for page views, opt-ins, sales, and order conversions with the timeline view.

## **Benefits**

  * User-Friendly Interface: Navigate through your data with ease, thanks to our intuitive design.

  * Actionable Insights: Make informed decisions to optimize your funnels and websites for better performance.

  * Efficient: Quickly identify trends and patterns without the hassle of manual data compilation.

This feature aims to save your time and effort, allowing you to focus on what matters most – growing their business.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Understanding Attribution Source (Ad Reporting)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219997-understanding-attribution-source-ad-reporting-)
  * [How to record Pageviews into Google Analytics for Funnels/Websites (GA4)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219725-how-to-record-pageviews-into-google-analytics-for-funnels-websites-ga4-)
  * [XML Sitemaps](/support/solutions/articles/48001182524-xml-sitemaps)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
