Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [SMS & Email Templates](/support/solutions/folders/48000666015)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [SMS & Email Templates](/support/solutions/folders/48000666015)
  6. Message Templates (Snippets)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Message Templates (Snippets)

Modified on: Thu, 5 Sep, 2024 at 3:05 PM

Message Snippets (Templates) make it easier for a business to respond to clients or customers by creating them as a response to FAQs.

**Covered in this article:**

  * How to Create a Message Template (Snippet)
  * How to Use a Message Template (Snippet)

* * *

**How to Create a Message Template (Snippet)**

1\. Once logged into the location/sub-account, click **Marketing** > **Templates (Snippets)**. 

[](https://www.authorize.net/)2\. Click on the **Add Template (Snippet)** button and choose **Add Text Template (Snippet)**

3\. Name the Snippet so it's easier to choose it from the dropdown list of snippets from the conversation tab. It's advisable to name it according to the FAQ it answers. (i.e., "Where are you located?", What are your operating hours?" etc.) 

4\. Compose your snippet using Custom Values and Trigger Links if needed. The preview on the right shows you what it would look like as an SMS message when viewed on the phone.

5\. You can also enter your mobile number and click **Send Test** to test your snippet.

    Please Note: Please take note of the number of characters, number of segments and approximate cost of your snippet when sent as an SMS message.

6\. Once you're good with your snippet, Click **Save**.

* * *

**How to Use a Message Template (Snippet)**

1\. In Conversations, when sending an SMS message, click on the "Insert Snippet" icon.

2\. Select the Snippet/Template from the dropdown and click "Use Template".

3\. It will auto populate the snippet you composed and now you have the option to add to the messsage or send it right away by clicking **Send**.

**  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SMS Templates (Snippets) - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000981405-sms-templates-snippets-overview)
  * [Message Templates (Snippets)](/support/solutions/articles/155000000890-message-templates-snippets-)
  * [How to Use the Kajabi Email Template Importer](/support/solutions/articles/155000002542-how-to-use-the-kajabi-email-template-importer)

## You may like to read -

  * [WhatsApp: Send Message Templates (Snippets)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003069-whatsapp-send-message-templates-snippets-)
  * [SMS Templates (Snippets) - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000981405-sms-templates-snippets-overview)
  * [WhatsApp Template Statuses and Best Practice](/support/solutions/articles/155000001623-whatsapp-template-statuses-and-best-practice)
  * [Workflow Action - Manual SMS](/support/solutions/articles/155000003289-workflow-action-manual-sms)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
