Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  6. Learning Tab (Courses)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Learning Tab (Courses)

Modified on: Sat, 4 May, 2024 at 10:30 AM

Introducing Free Courses in the Learning Tab: Admins and Owners can now add free courses, providing community members with easy access to valuable content. 

**In This Article**

  * Adding a course
  * Delete a course
  * Course access
  * [Notification](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000001238/edit?portalId=48000045315#Feature/action-3---Saving-Filter-views)

* * *

## 

* * *

## Adding a course

  * Admins and Owners can effortlessly add free courses to the Learning Tab by clicking on __Add Courses__
  * **Learn how to build HighLevel Membership/Course websites[by clicking here](https://community.gohighlevel.com/courses/offers/a79d58bf-4d8d-4842-9efd-2194329404f5), which will take you to the course claim page.**
  * Choose the course you want to add
  * Once the course is added, courses will be available on the page

## Delete a course

To remove a course, click on the delete button

## Course access

As soon as an admin or owner adds a course to the learning tab of a group, all members of the group receive the access to the courses

## Notification

All users are notified via email, every-time an admin or owner adds a new course to the group

## Paid Courses

### More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/M3xntqNRduA>

<https://youtu.be/tKGOzm7Ih8k>

<https://youtu.be/62vlMRrCECc>

<https://youtu.be/3FuPY1KBLY4>

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to make your Groups private/ public in Communities?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000735-how-to-make-your-groups-private-public-in-communities-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Create Payment Products of membership courses?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000213-how-to-create-payment-products-of-membership-courses-)
  * [Paid Courses inside Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002135-paid-courses-inside-communities)
  * [Notifications inside Client Portal](/support/solutions/articles/155000001719-notifications-inside-client-portal)
  * [Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked & drip content](/support/solutions/articles/155000002174-courses-in-app-notifications-for-comment-unlocked-drip-content)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
