Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
  4. [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
     * [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  6. Call Reporting

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Call Reporting

Modified on: Wed, 26 Jun, 2024 at 11:53 PM

* * *

The Call Reporting feature is available on the [Agency Pro plan](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001180534).

    For most customized reports, please refer to our custom dashboards where you can add and modify custom widget to display metrics from key areas of HighLevel. More information on this feature is available in [Custom Widgets help document](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001212-feature-document-custom-widgets).

You can access this report through the left-hand menu under "Reporting" > "Call Reporting" (top menu)

The report includes:

  * **Call Reporting Overview** : The call reporting tab provides essential insights into all interactions between your customers and team members, including both incoming and outgoing calls.

  * **Tabs and Data Filtering** : The tab has two main sections: incoming calls and outgoing calls. Users can filter the data by all numbers in their profile or specific individual numbers.

  * **Widgets and Data Visualization** :

    * **Donut Chart** : Displays the split of call statuses for incoming calls (missed, busy, answered).
    * **First-Time Calls Widget** : Shows the statuses of first-time incoming calls and their average and total durations.
    * **Top Call Sources** : Identifies where the calls are coming from (e.g., Google organic search, paid search) and provides details on total calls, deals won, and call duration.
  * **Historical Data Table** : A table that shows historical data of all calls, categorized by incoming and outgoing calls. Users can filter the table and view multiple call recordings for IVR calls using a dropdown.

  * **Outgoing Calls Insights** :

    * **Call Status Split** : Displays the status distribution of outgoing calls.
    * **Top Agents** : Highlights agents who made the most calls, including a unique count of leads contacted.
  * **Customization and Export Options** : Users can customize the columns they want to include in the CSV export to analyze the data in more detail.

  * **Multi call recording for IVR:  **Users can select between different call recordings for IVR calls

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Understanding Attribution Source (Ad Reporting)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219997-understanding-attribution-source-ad-reporting-)
  * [Understanding Google Ad Reporting Terminology](/support/solutions/articles/48001219241-understanding-google-ad-reporting-terminology)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001219312-how-to-set-up-google-ad-reporting)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Precautionary Tracking Script](/support/solutions/articles/48001219356-how-to-set-up-google-ad-precautionary-tracking-script)

## You may like to read -

  * [Reporting FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002087-reporting-faqs)
  * [Call Status Workflow Trigger Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48001212511-call-status-workflow-trigger-setup)
  * [Agency Rolled-up Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001224166-agency-rolled-up-reporting)
  * [How to Set Up Call Tracking (Number Pool)](/support/solutions/articles/48000981393-how-to-set-up-call-tracking-number-pool-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
