Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Creating Mobile-Responsive Designs Made Easy: Funnel &...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Creating Mobile-Responsive Designs Made Easy: Funnel & Website Builder

Modified on: Wed, 29 Nov, 2023 at 4:29 AM

This articles talks about simplifying the creation of mobile-responsive funnels and sites. Users can now enjoy improved customization with mobile-responsive text elements, spanning font choices, text integration in images, FAQs, buttons, order forms etc. The process is intuitive—simply access the updated options, customize your text, and preview your design across devices in real-time. The benefits include heightened design flexibility, enhanced user experiences, and increased efficiency. With these updates, we've successfully resolved the pain point of achieving consistency and aesthetics on diverse screen sizes, empowering users to confidently build engaging and responsive digital experiences.

**In this Article**

    * How to Use
    * Text Element Font: Customize for Mobile Responsiveness
    * Text Element in FAQ: Craft Mobile-Friendly FAQs
    * Text Elements for Button
    * Text Element in Image Feature

**Behaviour****:**  

You can click on the desktop icon and change the view from desktop to mobile.

Click on the desktop symbol and changing it to mobile will open the mobile view editor and the changes made in font size in this view will only affect mobile view.

## How to Use

To change the font size of a text element in the new funnel builder and make it responsive across different devices, follow these steps:

  * Select the desired element in the funnel builder, such as a headline.
  * Go to the element settings and navigate to the font size option.
  * Adjust the font size for desktop. This change will also apply to mobile devices.
  * Click on the desktop icon to switch to the mobile view.
  * Change the font size specifically for mobile. Note that this change will not affect the font size on desktop.
  * To modify the font size for desktop again, switch back to the desktop view and make the necessary adjustments. This change will only affect the font size on desktop.

## Text Element Font: Customize for Mobile Responsiveness

This is applicable to all the text elements like Heading, Subheading, Paragraph, Bullet points.

## Text Element in FAQ: Craft Mobile-Friendly FAQs

Similar functionality as above. Customization options are there for title and content font size in FAQ element

## Text Elements for Button

Similar functionality as above. Customization options are there for button font size and sub text font size in FAQ element

## Text Element in Image Feature

Similar functionality as above. Customization options are there for Headline Font size and Text font size.

## Social Media Icons: Mobile responsive

You can see the mobile and web options for social media icons. All the properties of text can be customizable for mobile and web like Font Family, Font size, Font weight, Color. Functionality is similar as above.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Hide and Show Elements on Button Click (Funnels & Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001660-hide-and-show-elements-on-button-click-funnels-websites-)
  * [Developer Guide for selling Web-Widgets on the App Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000003915-developer-guide-for-selling-web-widgets-on-the-app-marketplace)
  * [Image Slider Element for Engaging Web Design](/support/solutions/articles/155000001066-image-slider-element-for-engaging-web-design)
  * [Scroll to elements or sections in websites or funnels](/support/solutions/articles/48001158589-scroll-to-elements-or-sections-in-websites-or-funnels)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
