Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Custom Widgets](/support/solutions/folders/155000000192)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Custom Widgets](/support/solutions/folders/155000000192)
  6. How to Add and Utilize the New Sales Efficiency Widget on...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Add and Utilize the New Sales Efficiency Widget on Your Dashboard

Modified on: Wed, 21 Aug, 2024 at 10:45 AM

## **What's New?**

We are thrilled to introduce a powerful new widget designed to enhance your sales efficiency, now available under general widgets on your dashboard. Here’s what you can look forward to:

  * Average Sales Duration:

 Monitor the average time taken for all opportunities to close, helping you identify areas for improvement.
  * Total Sales Value

: Keep track of the total value of your sales to measure overall performance.
  * Sales Velocity:

 Measure the speed of your sales processes to ensure efficiency and quick conversions.

These metrics are filterable by users, providing more granular insights into individual performance and allowing for better tracking and optimization of your sales processes.

To learn about the custom widgets, [click here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001212-feature-document-custom-widgets)!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Adding a widget to the dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001206-adding-a-widget-to-the-dashboard)
  * [Customizing a widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000001207-customizing-a-widget)
  * [Edit widgets on the dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001208-edit-widgets-on-the-dashboard)
  * [Resize widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000001209-resize-widgets)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Customize Dashboards by Adding Titles, Images, and Text Boxes](/support/solutions/articles/155000003045-how-to-customize-dashboards-by-adding-titles-images-and-text-boxes)
  * [How to add attribution and UTM parameters as filters on custom widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000002549-how-to-add-attribution-and-utm-parameters-as-filters-on-custom-widgets)
  * [How to use "Only Assigned Data" setting with Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000003247-how-to-use-only-assigned-data-setting-with-dashboard)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Wix Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239773-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-wix-website)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
