Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. Notification for Failed Post, Account Expired and Post Ap...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Notification for Failed Post, Account Expired and Post Approval

Modified on: Tue, 23 Jul, 2024 at 9:52 PM

Email Notifications are available for following in Social Planner -  

  1. Account Expired - Social Accounts whose tokens have expired
  2. Account PreExpiry - Social Accounts like Facebook pages have expiry of 60 days, before 60 - around 50th day user to get notified to refresh the token
  3. Request for Approval - Social Post which is scheduled for approval, requesting the user to approve the scheduled post.
  4. Post Approved update to Creator - Notifying the creator of the post if the scheduled post was approved
  5. Post Rejected update to Creator - Notifying the creator of the post if the scheduled post was rejected
  6. Post Failed - Notifying the users selected about the scheduled post has failed

**How do the notification for Social Planner work?  
** 1\. Go to Marketing > Social Planner  
2\. In Social Planner, the social planner settings (gear icon) is present beside the New Post button  
3\. In Social planner settings there is option of Notification tab

How does each Notification for Social Planner?  
  
**1\. Notification settings for account pre-expiry**  
  
\- To edit the account pre-expiry notification by clicking the pencil icon  
\- The notification requires to select the subaccount users, how often should the user be reminded to refresh the account [they can refresh the token by visiting the integration page], user can select the different template other than default templates.  

**2\. Notification Settings for Account Expired  
** \- To edit the account expired notification by clicking the pencil icon  
\- The notification requires to select the subaccount users, how often should the user be reminded to reconnect the token, user can select the different template other than default templates.  

**3\. Notification for  ****Request for Approval -  **  
\-  To edit the email notification request for approval of scheduled post by clicking the pencil icon  
\- The notification requires user can select the different template other than default templates.  

**4\. Notification for Approved Post**

\-  To edit the email notification request for scheduled approved post to creator  
- The notification requires user can select the different template other than default templates.  

**5\. Notification for Rejected Post**

\-  To edit the email notification request for scheduled rejected post to creator  
- The notification requires user can select the different template other than default templates.  

**6\. Notification for Failed Post**

\-  To edit the email notification request for scheduled failed post  
- The notification requires user can select the different template other than default templates.  

**FAQ**  
  
**1\. How to change the default email template for notification?**  
To change the default email template, the user should visit the Emails > Template. Click on the New option and select the Email Marketing Template. When the template library open, on left side there is option of System Template which you can select the template and load it for editing the content. Go to the social planner notification option and change the template.  

 **2\. How does Pre-expiry notification work?  
** Pre expiry email notification will trigger if it is enabled when the social account like Facebook page token expires in 90 days away and on 80th day the notification will get triggered.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Failed Post Error in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001218255-failed-post-error-in-social-planner)
  * [List of all outgoing system generated emails](/support/solutions/articles/48001209235-list-of-all-outgoing-system-generated-emails)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [Post Approval Flow in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001229834-post-approval-flow-in-social-planner)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
