Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Workflow Actions - Delete Contact

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Actions - Delete Contact

Modified on: Thu, 12 Sep, 2024 at 2:31 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * How To Configure
  * Example

##   

## Overview

The Delete Contact action allows users to remove contacts from their database quickly and efficiently. This action is essential for maintaining a clean and organized contact list, ensuring that your marketing efforts are directed only toward relevant and active contacts.

## Action Name

Delete Contact

## Action Description

The Delete Contact action permanently removes a specified contact from your account. This action is particularly useful when you need to eliminate duplicate entries, manage unsubscribed contacts, or remove inactive leads. The deleted contacts can be recovered manually and the Delete contact action can only be added as a last step of a workflow or a branch.

## How To Configure

**Step 1 -  ****Add the Action -  **Click the "+" button to add an action. Search for delete contact or scroll down to "Actions" tab to select the same.

**Step 2 - Save the Action -  **Click on "Save Action" to finalise the workflow step.

## Example

Scenario: Managing Unsubscribed Contacts

**Objective** : A marketing agency wants to maintain a clean contact list by automatically deleting contacts whose subscription status is cancelled.

Workflow Steps:

**Trigger** : 

  * Subscription - Subscription trigger will be added and in Filters the condition will be Status is Cancelled.

**Action** : 

  * Email - An email to the customer to let them no that their subscription has been cancelled and asking them if they want to renew.
  * Wait - Wait for the customer to respond
  * GPT Powered by Open AI - Check the response using GPT action and ask the action to give the output as "Renew" or "Cancel"
  * If/Else - Prepare branches based on the output. Branch 1 being Renew and branch 2 being Cancel.
  * Delete Contact - Adding the Delete Contact action to the Branch 2.

Outcome:

  * When a contact cancels the subscription, they are automatically removed from the agency's database, ensuring that the agency does not continue to send communications to individuals who are no longer interested.

By utilizing the Delete Contact action , businesses can efficiently manage their contact lists, ensuring that they maintain accurate and relevant data while enhancing their marketing strategies.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to set up Delete Contact action](/support/solutions/articles/155000001572-how-to-set-up-delete-contact-action)
  * [Action - Manual Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000003376-action-manual-call)
  * [Actions - Custom webhook](/support/solutions/articles/155000003305-actions-custom-webhook)
  * [A List of Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002294-a-list-of-workflow-actions)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
