Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Action - Find Contact

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Find Contact

Modified on: Wed, 21 Feb, 2024 at 12:43 PM

**Find a Contact with the matching values. Find Contact action can be used only with Inbound Webhook Trigger or Marketplace Triggers that carries any contact information.  
**

  * #### Find a contact with the Inbound Webhook or Marketplace Trigger data with any contact info. The action will be skipped if a contact is already part of the execution.

  * #### Find a contact using any of the standard/custom field values.

  * #### If multiple fields are configured the action will lookup for a contact that matches all the field values.

## **Examples:**

  * #### Find a contact using contact id from Inbound Webhook Trigger or custom Marketplace Trigger.

  * #### Store an external contact reference to a contact custom field, say "Stripe Customer ID" and find the contact from Inbound Webhook Trigger or Custom Marketplace Trigger using the same

#### [](https://web.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=10161444479536458&set=gm.2095090617617129&idorvanity=594608437665362&_rdc=1&_rdr)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Workflow Action - Text Formatter](/support/solutions/articles/155000003361-workflow-action-text-formatter)
  * [How to Decouple Owners for Contacts and Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002273-how-to-decouple-owners-for-contacts-and-opportunities)
  * [How to Decouple Owners for Contacts and Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002270-how-to-decouple-owners-for-contacts-and-opportunities)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
