Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to use Printful Integration with your Ecommerce Store?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to use Printful Integration with your Ecommerce Store?

Modified on: Fri, 19 Jul, 2024 at 2:44 AM

### **What is Printful Integration?**

Printful is a leading on-demand printing and fulfillment service that empowers businesses to offer custom products without the need to manage inventory, production, or shipping. By integrating Printful with your Ecommerce store, you can streamline operations and enhance your product offerings. Any updates in the Printful store related to product creation, deletion, updating, or fulfillments are synced live to your Ecommerce store.

### **What all the functionalities are offered in the Printful Integration?**

  1. **Product Import:  **Seamlessly import all your products from a specific Printful store to your selected Ecommerce store location.
  2. **Product Synchronization:  **Sync your products between Printful and your eCommerce store, ensuring updates for creation, modification, and deletion are reflected in real-time.
  3. **Order Creation:** Automatically create orders in the connected Printful store whenever an order is placed in your eCommerce store.
  4. **Order Fulfilment Sync:** Keep your order fulfilment status up-to-date by syncing shipping information from Printful to your eCommerce store, including both partial and complete fulfillments.
  5. **Notification based on order status:** Once the order is fulfilled either partially or complete, the users will receive notifications via email. The shipping details will be shared by Printful's end.

### Important Notes

  * **Product Publishing:** Imported products will not be published to your eCommerce store by default; you must manually enable them. In the current version, product descriptions won’t be pulled from Printful.
  * **Product Retention:  **Upon uninstalling the Marketplace App, products will not be deleted from the LeadConnector store location.
  * **Multi-Location Support:** A single Printful store can be connected to multiple LeadConnector store locations.
  * **Delivery Address Restrictions:  **Specific products can only be delivered in specified regions as defined by Printful’s end. If an order's delivery address in the eCommerce store is not supported by Printful, the order will not be created in your Printful account.
  * **Store Creation:** If the "Create new store" option is selected during authorization, a new store named "LeadConnector Store" will be created.

### **What are the steps to Integrate Printful with Your Ecommerce Store?**

1\. **Connecting Printful to Your Ecommerce Store:** Begin by navigating to the _Sub-Account >_ _Settings > Integrations > Printful > View App_ > _Install_ or directly search for Printful application in '_App Marketpla _ce_ '._

_  
_

__

__

2.**  Importing Products from Printful:** After successful connection, choose the specific Printful store and import products to your selected Leadconnector eCommerce store location. If no store exists in Printful, a new store will be created in Printful with the name Leadconnector.

  * Select and Import products from the Printful Store to GHL store. Store owners need to manually enable the imported products in their Ecommerce stores in order to publish them. If needed, select the "Create new store" option during integration setup to automatically create a new store named "LeadConnector Store."

3\. **Product Publishing** : After importing products from Printful, few things are needed to be updated:

  * After importing products, go to the Product page in Payments section to publish them manually in your online store.
  * Customize product details and descriptions directly in your Product details page as they are not pulled from Printful.

4\. **Orders Creation:  **Orders placed in the GHL Ecommerce store will automatically create corresponding orders in the connected Printful store synchronously. 

4\. **Partial and Complete fulfilment of Orders:** Fulfilment status can be updated     Order fulfillment status will be up-to-date by syncing shipping information from Printful to your eCommerce store, including both partial and complete fulfillments.

Things to Note:

  * In this iteration, while importing the Products, the Description will not be pulled from Printful due to the Printful Store Limitations
  * Users should publish the products with care and after verifying, as some of the products are only delivered to certain locations. This will be available in the product catalog of Printful
  * The delivery address should be correct in order for the order to get synced with Printful, upon wrong delivery information, order will not get created (or) synced in Printful

By following these steps and understanding the key functionalities and important notes, you can effectively integrate Printful with your eCommerce store, enhancing your business operations and expanding your product offerings with ease.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [How to sell products on Facebook and Instagram Shops?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004055-how-to-sell-products-on-facebook-and-instagram-shops-)
  * [How to Use the Manual Payment Method in Your Ecommerce Store](/support/solutions/articles/155000003198-how-to-use-the-manual-payment-method-in-your-ecommerce-store)
  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
