Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  6. What has changed in Blog?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# What has changed in Blog?

Modified on: Fri, 9 Aug, 2024 at 6:17 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Changes Made to Blogs
    * 1\. URL simplification
    * 2\. Automated Sitemap
    * 3\. Open Each Blog Post in New Page
    * 4\. Strong SEO with Canonical Tags
    * 5\. Customize with Different Layouts and Designs  

  * New Blog Flow - How it Works
  * What Happens to Old Blogs and Blog Posts?
  * How to Migrate Blog Post to Revamped Version?

* * *

# **Changes Made to Blogs**

A blog, born from the fusion of "web" and "log," serves as a digital stage where authors curate captivating narratives, offering readers a gateway to diverse worlds of knowledge and creativity. It's a dynamic platform where passion meets prose, transforming the mundane into the extraordinary with every click.

Based on the feedbacks and constant iteration, blogs changed its perspective by making following things simpler!

### **1\. URL simplification**

We have removed b and c in the URLs. Our blogs will function in the following manner 

**a) For example if the Domain is:** **abc.com**

  * User can specify the **abc.com/blog** as /blog as the slug. (If the domain page already exist, it will add other unique parameters after scanning all the urls and domain in funnels/websites)
  * The blog post name is defined as **abc.com/post/post-name**
  * The category url will be **abc.com/blog/category/category-name**
  * Tag url will be **abc.com/blog/tag/tag-name**
  * Author will be **abc.com/blog/author/author-name**

 **b) For example if the subdomain is:** **blog.abc.com**

  * User can specify the **blog.abc.com** , they will be required to add slug but it will not be considered.
  * In Domain, please go to Edit and add the default page of Blog Home.
  * The blog post name is defined as **blog.abc.com/post/post-name**
  * The category url will be **blog.abc.com/category/category-name**
  * Tag url will be **blog.abc.com/tag/tag-name**
  * Author will be **blog.abc.com/author/author-name**

### **2\. Automated Sitemap**

Whenever a blog post is published, the user is not required to update sitemap every time they publish blog or add robot txt. Sitemap for domain will get automatically updated whenever the blog post is published. 

###   
**3\. Open Each Blog Post in New Page**

Blog post pages will open in new page, it will not open in same page. We allow customisation of look and feel with form (subscribe form) or add custom comment area or any other customisation like text/subtext/calendar  

### **4\. Strong SEO with Canonical Tags**

In SEO, canonical tags suggest to Google which version of the page it should index, consolidate link equity (ranking strength) to, and show in search results.

### **5\. Customize with Different Layouts and Designs**

Blog can be created with custom layout with the option to show what you like in the card view of blog.

* * *

## **New Blog Flow - How it Works**

How the blogs flow and work is a very important function. The flow allows blog creators to design the blogs in a way that best captures and holds their audience's attention, and allows readers to better navigate the blog for easy reading and usability. Below is an image of our new blog flow design that will give you a better idea of how we enhanced that process for both the blog creators and blog readers!

If you want to take a closer look at the new blog flow, use the link below to gain access to our Canva design where you can zoom in and see all the details of how the blog flow was redesigned!

**Link for Blog Flow File -**  

[https://www.canva.com/design/DAF_ma7Cu8o/TGEAd7rp9YsKq8fpv6u4cA/edit?](https://www.canva.com/design/DAF_ma7Cu8o/TGEAd7rp9YsKq8fpv6u4cA/edit?utm_content=DAF_ma7Cu8o&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=sharebutton)

* * *

### **What Happens to Old Blogs and Blog Posts?**

The old blog which were added to the funnels and websites work as they were working and will allow users to create new blog posts. The old blog will have issues in regards to url simplification, canonical url to solve the SEO indexing issues, automatic update to XML Sitemap. All the blog posts will become part of Default blog.

To solve these problems, it is better and recommended to move to the new blog and new blog posts. For new sub-account getting created after release, it will work with the new blog flows. 

* * *

### **How to Migrate Blog Post to Revamped Version?**

1\. Go to Sites > Blogs

2\. In the Blogs, there will be option of Default Blog which were hosted in Funnels/Website.

3\. In the Default Blog, it will have the blog posts.

4\. Select the checkbox of blog post

5\. Click on Move Blog the selected blog post

    NOTE: The old URL of the blog post will break and get updated with the new URL!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Preview Blog Post](/support/solutions/articles/48001220291-how-to-preview-blog-post)
  * [Default Blog Flow - Getting Started with Blogs](/support/solutions/articles/48001220286-default-blog-flow-getting-started-with-blogs)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Add Author(s) to The Blog Builder](/support/solutions/articles/48001220290-how-to-add-author-s-to-the-blog-builder)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
