Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Certificates](/support/solutions/155000000065)
  4. [Issue Certificates](/support/solutions/folders/155000000196)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Certificates](/support/solutions/155000000065)
     * [Issue Certificates](/support/solutions/folders/155000000196)
  6. Download all your Certificates from Client Portal

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Download all your Certificates from Client Portal

Modified on: Wed, 8 May, 2024 at 10:34 AM

**More Tutorials from the Community**  
[ https://youtu.be/q_8e-F3tETg](https://youtu.be/q_8e-F3tETg)  
<https://youtu.be/oOIwKVRjrSM>  
<https://youtu.be/bSgNqMGb6ck>  
[https://youtu.be/JqUyma1Lcms](https://youtu.be/JqUyma1Lcms)

We're excited to introduce a new feature that makes tracking, previewing, and downloading your certificates easier than ever! Whether you're looking to showcase your achievements or need to share your credentials, our latest update provides you with the tools you need to manage your certificates efficiently. Here's everything you need to know to get started.  

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to Use the New Certificate Feature

* * *

## How to Use the New Certificate Feature

Accessing Your Certificates

  * **Log in to the Client Portal:** Start by logging into your account on the Client Portal.
  * **Navigate to the Account Section:** Look for the account section by clicking on your profile avatar.   

Previewing & Downloading Certificate

  * **Select the Certificate:** Within the Certificates section, browse through your list of certificates.
  * **Click on Preview:** Next to each certificate, you'll find a Preview button. Click on it to see the certificate in full detail within the portal.
  * **Download:** Click on the Download button associated with the certificate. Your certificate will be downloaded to your device in a high-quality format, ready for use.
  * **Sharing a Certificate:  **Find the certificate you want to share and click on the Copy Link button next to it. This copies the certificate URL to your clipboard and allows you to share certificates.

  1. ****

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Issue certificates on Course Completion](/support/solutions/articles/155000001236-issue-certificates-on-course-completion)
  * [Download all your Certificates from Client Portal](/support/solutions/articles/155000002175-download-all-your-certificates-from-client-portal)
  * [Set Expiry for Certificates](/support/solutions/articles/155000002796-set-expiry-for-certificates)
  * [Contact Custom Fields In Certificate Builder](/support/solutions/articles/155000003591-contact-custom-fields-in-certificate-builder)

## You may like to read -

  * [Manually Issue Certificates](/support/solutions/articles/155000002148-manually-issue-certificates)
  * [Issue certificates on Course Completion](/support/solutions/articles/155000001236-issue-certificates-on-course-completion)
  * [Legacy Membership To Client Portal Migration](/support/solutions/articles/155000002045-legacy-membership-to-client-portal-migration)
  * [Subscription Management in Client Portal](/support/solutions/articles/155000003204-subscription-management-in-client-portal)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
