Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Workflow Actions - Remove Contact Follower

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Actions - Remove Contact Follower

Modified on: Thu, 12 Sep, 2024 at 2:29 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Overview
    * Action Name
    * Action Description
    * How to Configure
    * Example

##   

## Overview

Utilize the workflow action "Remove Contact Followers" to remove followers for a contact automatically. This action can be added to your existing workflows enhancing the ease of managing followers for your business

## Action Name

Remove Contact Follower

## Action Description

The Remove Contact Follower action enables users to remove one or more followers from a contact's profile. 

## How to Configure

**Step 1:  **

  * Select workflow action - "Remove Contact Follower" in the "Contact" Category

**Step 2:  **

  * Use the "Remove Contact Follower" action to remove chosen or all followers of a contact

  * Switch on the toggle to removes all followers from a contact or select from the list of followers.

****

#   

## Example

**Configuration Example** :

In a workflow where contacts are frequently assigned and reassigned based on the stage of engagement:

  * **Action Name** : "Remove Contact Follower"

**Workflow Steps** :

  1. **Trigger** : Opportunity Status Changed - This trigger activates when an opportunity associated with the contact is marked as "Closed."
  2. **Action** : Remove Contact Follower- This action removes the follower that was assigned to the contact.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow - Adding and Removing Followers for Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002109-workflow-adding-and-removing-followers-for-contacts)
  * [Workflow Actions - Add Contact Follower](/support/solutions/articles/155000003425-workflow-actions-add-contact-follower)
  * [Action - Remove from Workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000002553-action-remove-from-workflow)
  * [How to Decouple Owners for Contacts and Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002273-how-to-decouple-owners-for-contacts-and-opportunities)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
