Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [App Marketplace](/support/solutions/155000000049)
  4. [View, Install & Uninstallation Apps](/support/solutions/folders/155000000161)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [App Marketplace](/support/solutions/155000000049)
     * [View, Install & Uninstallation Apps](/support/solutions/folders/155000000161)
  6. Changing your app pricing plan in the App Marketplace

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Changing your app pricing plan in the App Marketplace

Modified on: Mon, 21 Oct, 2024 at 4:42 AM

App marketplace allows you to change the pricing plan for the apps that you've installed.

## **TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How do I update the app pricing plan?
  * App Distribution Type: Agency only 
  * App Distribution Type: Agency & Sub-account
  * Billing adjustments

## **How do I update the app pricing plan?**

To update the pricing plan, head-over to App Marketplace > Installed Apps and choose the 'Change Plan' option for the app that you wish to upgrade.

## **App Distribution Type: Agency only  **

For apps of [distribution type 'Agency Only'](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002141-marketplace-app-distribution-type#Summary), it's a 2 step process.

**Step 1** : Choosing the new plan.

**Step 2** : Review the changes, and proceed to upgrade and pay for the new plan.

## **App Distribution Type: Agency & Sub-account**

For apps of [distribution type 'Agency & Sub-account'](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002141-marketplace-app-distribution-type#Summary), it's a 3 step process.

**Step 1** : Choosing the new plan.

**Step 2** : Choose the list of sub-accounts for the pricing plan change.

**Step 3** : Review the changes, and proceed to upgrade and pay for the new plan.

##   

## **Billing adjustments**

For pricing plan changes that are done in the middle of the billing cycle, the billing adjustments are calculated on a pro-rated basis. These can be either additional charges or refunds based on whether you are upgrading or downgrading the plan. The billing adjustments are adjusted in the next billing cycle. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Agency-Level Marketplace Apps Installation](/support/solutions/articles/155000001057-agency-level-marketplace-apps-installation)
  * [Managing Marketplace App Permissions: White Label Agency Control](/support/solutions/articles/155000001163-managing-marketplace-app-permissions-white-label-agency-control)
  * [How to resell Marketplace Apps](/support/solutions/articles/155000001220-how-to-resell-marketplace-apps)
  * [White Label Payment Provider Solution for NMI & Authorize.net](/support/solutions/articles/155000002747-white-label-payment-provider-solution-for-nmi-authorize-net)

## You may like to read -

  * [Set Up Your App Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000001217-set-up-your-app-pricing)
  * [How to resell Marketplace Apps](/support/solutions/articles/155000001220-how-to-resell-marketplace-apps)
  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)
  * [One-Time Pricing Model in the App Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000003674-one-time-pricing-model-in-the-app-marketplace)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
