Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel

Modified on: Wed, 5 Jun, 2024 at 2:52 PM

About Printful Integration:

Printful is a popular on-demand printing and fulfilment service that allows businesses to create custom products without having to manage inventory, production, or shipping. Integrating Printful with your Ecommerce store can streamline your business operations and enhance your product offerings in your store. Any updates in printful store related to product creation, deletion, updation or fulfilments are synced live to your Ecommerce store.

Why is this important?

  1. This is the first integration that has been developed in the Marketplace Architecture
  2. This will allow other third party developers to develop integration using our Marketplace Architecture and expand the list of supported integrations

How to integrate with your online store ?

  1. Store owners can Install the Printful app from the App Marketplace. Post app installation, users need to connect their GHL sub-account to their Printful store.
  2. Store owners can import their Printful Products into their GHL products after successful authorisation. Imported products in the GHL needs to be manually enabled to publish in their online stores.
  3. Users can place orders for Printful products in the online store post publishing of products by store owners. Orders received for Printful products will be synced with the Printful account.
  4. On fulfilment from Printful, users will receive notifications for shipping details via email.

Functionality of the Printful Integration:

  1. Product Import:

 Seamlessly import all your products from a specific Printful store to your selected LeadConnector eCommerce store location.
  2. Product Synchronization:

 Sync your products between Printful and your eCommerce store, ensuring updates for creation, modification, and deletion are reflected in real-time.
  3. Order Creation:

 Automatically create orders in the connected Printful store whenever an order is placed in your eCommerce store.
  4. Order Fulfilment Sync: 

Keep your order fulfilment status up-to-date by syncing shipping information from Printful to your eCommerce store, including both partial and complete fulfillments.
  5. Notification based on order status:

 Once the order is fulfilled either partially or complete, the users will receive notifications via email. The shipping details will be shared by Printful's end.

Things to Note:

  * In this iteration, while importing the Products, the Description will not be pulled from Printful due to the Printful Store Limitations
  * Users should publish the products with care and after verifying, as some of the products are only delivered to certain locations. This will be available in the product catalog of Printful
  * The delivery address should be correct in order for the order to get synced with Printful, upon wrong delivery information, order will not get created (or) synced in Printful

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use Printful Integration with your Ecommerce Store?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002442-how-to-use-printful-integration-with-your-ecommerce-store-)
  * [How to use WebinarKit's HighLevel Integration (Guest Tutorial)](/support/solutions/articles/48001225332-how-to-use-webinarkit-s-highlevel-integration-guest-tutorial-)
  * [Trigger - Inbound Webhook](/support/solutions/articles/155000003147-trigger-inbound-webhook)
  * [iCloud Integration with Highlevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000001184-icloud-integration-with-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
