Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [Modes](/support/solutions/folders/155000000933)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [Modes](/support/solutions/folders/155000000933)
  6. Auto-Pilot Mode

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Auto-Pilot Mode

Modified on: Fri, 22 Dec, 2023 at 4:14 AM

The Conversation AI bot will respond to all inbound messages for the "Supported Channel" selected in the Preference settings.

**In This Article**

  * 1\. Wait time before responding
  * 2\. Maximum messages a bot can send to a contact
  * 3\. Send Bot to sleep when I send a message manually or through workflow

* * *

Customize the below settings for the Auto-pilot mode to have more control over the Bot's responses and behavior

## 1\. Wait time before responding

Field Type - Number field with a minimum of 1 sec and a maximum of 5 mins. 

The bot waits for this amount of time before it replies to the contact. This time gives the bot the ability to collect all messages together(if the contact sends multiple messages in a short period) and respond to them together.

## 2\. Maximum messages a bot can send to a contact

Field Type - Number input field with a maximum limit of 25

The bot will go to sleep for a contact if this limit is reached in that conversation on a specific channel. To activate the bot again, mark the conversation as "Read".

This is a safeguard added to the conversation AI to send it to sleep using an Upper Limit to its number of responses per contact per conversation channel.

## 3\. Send Bot to sleep when I send a message manually or through workflow

Field type - Toggle and control the time for which the bot goes to sleep if a manual/workflow message is sent from the subaccount to a contact

The bot will go to sleep for the amount of time if a message is sent by the GHL user or a workflow to a contact. The bot will automatically become active for the contact once the sleep time is passed.

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Auto-Pilot Mode](/support/solutions/articles/155000001337-auto-pilot-mode)

## You may like to read -

  * [Auto-Pilot Mode in Conversation AI for Efficient Communication](/support/solutions/articles/155000001022-auto-pilot-mode-in-conversation-ai-for-efficient-communication)
  * [How to Use Conversation AI to Book Appointments](/support/solutions/articles/155000000210-how-to-use-conversation-ai-to-book-appointments)
  * [Maximizing Customer Engagement with Reviews AI: A Guide to Suggestive and Auto-Pilot Modes](/support/solutions/articles/155000001074-maximizing-customer-engagement-with-reviews-ai-a-guide-to-suggestive-and-auto-pilot-modes)
  * [Conversation AI Bot - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000001335-conversation-ai-bot-explained)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
