Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Use BNPL in Order Forms and Payment Links

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use BNPL in Order Forms and Payment Links

Modified on: Tue, 27 Aug, 2024 at 11:15 PM

We are excited to announce that Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL) payment methods are now supported in Order Forms and Payment Links. This is applicable for both 1-step and 2-step order forms. Business users can now offer the following BNPL options to their customers:

  * Klarna
  * Affirm
  * Afterpay/Clearpay

Key Points:

  * Availability: This feature is available only for businesses using Stripe as their payment provider.
  * Applicable Products: BNPL options are available for one-time products only, not for recurring products.
  * Benefits: Offering BNPL methods can help increase conversions by providing payment flexibility to customers.
  * Order & Transaction Details: All order and transaction details will be recorded under the Payments menu, similar to credit card payments. Existing triggers for Order Submitted and Payment Received will function as usual
  * This change requires migration from Stripe and would be already available for some accounts and progress for others

[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002377-manage-payment-methods-displayed-with-stripe-integration)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [Manage payment methods displayed with Stripe integration](/support/solutions/articles/155000002377-manage-payment-methods-displayed-with-stripe-integration)
  * [How to Set Up Automatic Taxes for Fast Payment Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000003070-how-to-set-up-automatic-taxes-for-fast-payment-links)
  * [How to Use Products in Payment Element in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002546-how-to-use-products-in-payment-element-in-forms)
  * [How to Connect and Use Square Payment Processor in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000003314-how-to-connect-and-use-square-payment-processor-in-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
