Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Workflow Action - Reply In Comments

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Action - Reply In Comments

Modified on: Wed, 11 Sep, 2024 at 4:03 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * Action Details
  * Example

##   

## Overview

This action is used to respond on the comment that is posted by the customer. With the help of this action user can comment on the comment that user has posted and even like the comment.

## Action Name

Respond On Comment

## Action Description

This action is available only with FB/IG comment triggers. Using this action business pages can enable comment reply on any comment by a customer and/or like a comment. This is a very powerful tool to enhance the experience of the contact.

## Action Details

  * With the help of this action you can comment on the comment entered by the customer. 
  * You can add multiple replies and system will randomly select from these options and reply to comment. 
  * Or you can use the output of GPT action as a response to make it more personalised.
  * You also have a toggle button, switching the toggle button on will also like the comment.
  * This action will not work for Facebook Groups.

## Example

A user has commented on your post with "Hey, I am interested in enrolling for the course". This action can be used with FB/IG Interactive messenger.

Before sending the DM to the contact you can reply to their comment. GPT action can be used and we can add the customer response in the prompt to get a personalised reply.

You can also switch on the toggle to "Like" the comment by the user.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Trigger - Facebook/Instagram - Comment(s) on a Post](/support/solutions/articles/155000003419-workflow-trigger-facebook-instagram-comment-s-on-a-post)
  * [Facebook & Instagram comment automation](/support/solutions/articles/155000002055-facebook-instagram-comment-automation)
  * [How to use Facebook comment automation for Facebook Groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000002147-how-to-use-facebook-comment-automation-for-facebook-groups)
  * [Workflow Action - Reply In Comments](/support/solutions/articles/155000002172-workflow-action-reply-in-comments)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
