Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [Training the Bot](/support/solutions/folders/155000000932)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [Training the Bot](/support/solutions/folders/155000000932)
  6. Conversation AI: Audit, Review, and Edit Crawled Website ...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Conversation AI: Audit, Review, and Edit Crawled Website Data

Modified on: Wed, 2 Oct, 2024 at 1:03 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What's New?
  * How It Works:
    * Note:

## **What's New?**

We’ve added a new feature that simplifies the review and editing of data scraped from websites during Bot Training. This update enables users to better understand the collected information and provides the ability to easily make necessary changes.

## **How It Works:**

Go to the Bot Training tab. In the Uploaded Links table, you'll find a document icon next to each website URL.

Click the document icon to open a modal displaying all the scraped content from the selected website.

You can directly edit this information within the text box to update or correct any data.

After saving your edits, the Bot will be retrained using the updated content.

Edited data will be tagged as "Edited" indicating changes have been made post-crawling.

### **Note:**

Refreshing the edited website will revert the content to the original data pulled from the site.

__**__**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Web URLs and Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000001338-web-urls-and-links)
  * [Conversation AI: New Query Detection Flow](/support/solutions/articles/155000003206-conversation-ai-new-query-detection-flow)
  * [Training your Conversation AI Bot](/support/solutions/articles/155000001341-training-your-conversation-ai-bot)
  * [Conversation AI: Audit, Review, and Edit Crawled Website Data](/support/solutions/articles/155000003215-conversation-ai-audit-review-and-edit-crawled-website-data)

## You may like to read -

  * [Conversation AI: New Query Detection Flow](/support/solutions/articles/155000003206-conversation-ai-new-query-detection-flow)
  * [Conversation AI: Custom Conversation and SMS Providers Support](/support/solutions/articles/155000003214-conversation-ai-custom-conversation-and-sms-providers-support)
  * [Response Info for your AI message](/support/solutions/articles/155000003706-response-info-for-your-ai-message)
  * [XML Sitemaps](/support/solutions/articles/48001182524-xml-sitemaps)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
