Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Settings & Preferences](/support/solutions/folders/155000000688)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Settings & Preferences](/support/solutions/folders/155000000688)
  6. Assigning a Primary Calendar

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Assigning a Primary Calendar

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 10:45 AM

**In This Article**

  * Primary Calendar
  * Primary Calendar Dropdown
  * Allow Contact Creation
  * Allow Trigger

In Teams/Group calendars (Round Robin, Service, Class, and Collective Calendars), appointments assigned to a particular user can be synced to Third Party Calendars (Google / Outlook / iCloud) and the events from Third Party Calendars can be read and synced to the CRM.

You can configure your calendar under Settings > My Profile. There are primarily two settings, Primary Calendar and Check for Conflicts. All the third party calendar integrations added by the User are shown here.

* * *

#   

#### **Primary Calendar**

The Primary Calendar is the main calendar responsible for writing events to Google, Outlook or iCloud. It also reads events from Third Party Calendars, but its primary responsibility is to push new appointments to these calendars.

If Contact creation is enabled, it functions like an Event (Unassigned) Calendar's  two-way sync. To summarize, events with attendees in Google / Outlook will be converted to appointments, except for recurring events.

#### **Primary Calendar Dropdown:**

Here, all the calendars integrated by the particular profile will be displayed. Disabled calendars may either be included in 'Check for conflicts' or may lack write access to Google.

#### **Allow Contact Creation:**

If you wish to create appointments from Google/Outlook Calendar, select this option; otherwise, leave it as None.

If you want events from Google/Outlook with attendees to be created as appointments/contacts, select one of the calendars from the dropdown. This ensures appointments are created in that specific Calendar. All group calendars that the user is part of are listed in this dropdown.

#### **Allow Trigger:**

This dropdown only appears if a calendar is selected from Contact creation. It applies only to appointments created from Google/Outlook. If selected, the trigger will fire for appointments created due to synchronization; otherwise, it will skip the trigger.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Setting Up Linked Calendars & Conflict Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002374-setting-up-linked-calendars-conflict-calendars)
  * [Email & In-App Appointment Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000003441-email-in-app-appointment-notifications)
  * [Calendar Scheduling Conflicts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003548-calendar-scheduling-conflicts)
  * [Assigning a Primary Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000002263-assigning-a-primary-calendar)

## You may like to read -

  * [HighLevel Group Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001161037-highlevel-group-calendar-overview)
  * [Creating Collective Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000003557-creating-collective-booking-calendars)
  * [How to connect iCloud with Highlevel?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001477-how-to-connect-icloud-with-highlevel-)
  * [Collective Bookings Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000000578-collective-bookings-calendar-overview)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
