Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Workflow Actions - Add Contact Follower

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Actions - Add Contact Follower

Modified on: Thu, 12 Sep, 2024 at 2:28 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * How to Configure
  * Example

##   

## Overview

Utilize the workflow action "Add Contact Followers" to add followers for a contact automatically. This action can be added to your existing workflows enhancing the ease of managing followers for your business

## Action Name

Add Contact Follower

## Action Description

The Add Contact Follower action enables users to add one or more followers to a contact's profile.

## How to Configure

### Step 1: 

  * ### Select workflow action - "Add Contact Follower" in the  "Contact" Category

### Step 2: 

  * ### Use the "Add contact Follower" action to add one or more followers to a contact

## Example

Scenario: Sales Team Collaboration

**Objective** : User wants to assure that whenever a contact has submitted a Form, a follower is assigned to it.

Workflow Steps:

**Trigger** :

  * **Form Submitted -  **The workflow is initiated when a high-value lead is created in the system.

**Action** : 

  * **Add Contact Follower** \- The Add Contact Follower action is added to the workflow and the follower is selected from the dropdown.

Outcome:

  * When a high-value lead is created, both the sales representative and the account manager are automatically added as followers.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow - Adding and Removing Followers for Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002109-workflow-adding-and-removing-followers-for-contacts)
  * [How to Configure the Workflow AI Action?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000209-how-to-configure-the-workflow-ai-action-)
  * [Workflow Actions - Remove Contact Follower](/support/solutions/articles/155000003426-workflow-actions-remove-contact-follower)
  * [How to Decouple Owners for Contacts and Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002273-how-to-decouple-owners-for-contacts-and-opportunities)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
