Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Workflow Action - Generate One Time Booking Link

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Action - Generate One Time Booking Link

Modified on: Tue, 17 Sep, 2024 at 4:25 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * How to Configure
  * Example

##   

## Overview

A one-time link is a unique scheduling link that automatically expires upon booking. With the 'Generate One-Time Booking Link' action, users can now effortlessly create these links directly within their workflow.

## Action Name

Generate One Time Booking Link

## Action Description

This action eliminates the manual effort involved in link creation, ensuring a seamless and error-free scheduling process. This action offers a dynamic, effective, and flexible approach to managing bookings, providing users with greater control and adaptability.

## How to Configure

To generate dynamic One-Time Links within your workflow, follow these simple steps:

**1\. Create a Workflow:** Start by creating a workflow in your account. Define the trigger that initiates the workflow based on your specific needs.

[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/155018179878/original/9PH-4QaDl1YRM4CRiWB2XUQGAMQ-z3B54w.png?1705662313)

**2\. Add the 'Generate One-Time Booking Link' Action:** Within your workflow, add an action. Navigate to the 'Appointments' category and select 'Generate One Time Booking Link.'

[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/155018179038/original/YCkyI2w8TIZMetLj9EHdbrWc3tthBnU8FQ.png?1705662119)

**3\. Choose the calendar** for which you want to generate the one-time link.

[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/155018180332/original/lDOQfOfeezXDE2rv93kRi7tuZRnssl3r0g.png?1705662475)

**4\. Share the Generated Link:** To share the link with your contact, add a communication action (e.g., email) to your workflow.

[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/155018181091/original/RKQiBow9CoDlsPKjvyEGvC-0QiqzQ_JTHw.png?1705662726)

**5\. Add the Custom Value:** Insert the unique one-time link that will get generated each time a trigger is activated, into the email body using a custom value. Select 'Generate One Time Booking Link' and choose 'One Time Link.'

[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/155018180795/original/lGXO4iv2tvapxRKiIFiXIeulY_6LFexvVg.png?1705662663)

**6\. Customize Email Body:** Customize the email body as needed and click 'Save.'

**7\. Publish Workflow:** Once your workflow is set up, publish it. Now, each time a contact enters the workflow triggered by your defined condition, a unique one-time link will be generated and sent to them via email.

## Example

**Send a One Time Booking Link to a user who has submitted a Form**

**Trigger**

**Form Submitted** \- Add the trigger and select the form on submitting which the user should get a booking link.

**Action**

**Generate One time booking link** \- Add the action and select the Calendar.

**Send Email** \- In the email action, use custom value picker to add the One Time Booking Link in the email.

**Outcome**

As soon as a customer submits the form they will receive a booking link to your calendar and they can use that to schedule an appointment.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [A List of Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002294-a-list-of-workflow-actions)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Workflow Action for Generating One Time Link](/support/solutions/articles/155000001711-workflow-action-for-generating-one-time-link)
  * [One Time Link](/support/solutions/articles/155000001692-one-time-link)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
