Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  6. Canonical Link in Blog and Blog Post

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Canonical Link in Blog and Blog Post

Modified on: Mon, 20 May, 2024 at 2:36 PM

If you are hosting duplicate content in multiple pages of landing page, setting a canonical URL will tell search engines which content contains the preferred version. 

A canonical URL is the version of a webpage chosen by search engines like Google as the main version when there are duplicates. This selected URL is prioritized to avoid showing repetitive content that does not provide unique value in search results.  

Consider these two URLs:

  * **Canonical URL** : <https://example.com/blog/>
  * **Alternate URL** : <https://example.com/blog/?page=1>

In this example, Google will likely choose the canonical URL for indexing and ranking. The canonical page is also called the “principal,” “primary,” or “representative” version. A canonical tag, also known as **rel="canonical" tag** , is a snippet of HTML code that allows you to define the “primary” version in a set of duplicate or near-duplicate pages on your site.

**How to Set Canonical Link for Blog?**

  1. Go to Sites > Blogs
  2. Edit the Blog by clicking the name of blog with the button of Edit Blog Site
  3. When you publish the content of Blog, it shows in canonical links.

**How to Set Canonical Link for Blog Post?**

  1. Go to Sites > Blogs
  2. Go the blog name and click on it
  3. In the blog, there will be blog posts created for content distribution.
  4. Once the blog post is content is ready, if you click on Continue.
  5. The blog post allows you to set canonical link. 

  * 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)

## You may like to read -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)
  * [Canonical Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000001312-canonical-links)
  * [How to add blog search and category navigation?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002452-how-to-add-blog-search-and-category-navigation-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
