Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?

Modified on: Fri, 13 Sep, 2024 at 9:12 AM

#   

# Step 1: Create Live token in Shippo

Generate live Token in Shippo can be accessed at: _Settings > Advanced > API > Live Token_

  1. Click on generate live token:  

  2. Copy the live token:  

# Step 2: Setting up Package template & Shipping options in Shippo

### **Setting up Package Template in Shippo:  **

  1. Package Template can be accessed at : _Settings > Shipping > Packages > Add New Template_  

  2. Store owners can either add a custom dimensions or choose a standard carrier provided parcel dimension:  

  3. If standard carrier provided parcel is chosen:  

  4. For the carrier provided parcel, package weights need to be set here. If the current template needs to be set as default, checkbox needs to be ticked here:  

### **Setting up Shipping origin in Shippo:**  

  1. Sender & Return address can be setup at: _Settings > Address book > Sender & return > Add New address_  

  2. Add the complete address and select default sender and return address(if needed):  

### **Setting up Shipping options in Shippo:**  

  1. Setup shipping options at : _Settings > Shipping > Rates at Checkout > Add Shipping option_  

  2. Choose the Live rate option and select the preferred carrier services:   

  3. **Store owners can earn by charging markup fees on delivery**. This will be add on charges on top of live rates. Store owners can either choose a percentage based or fixed markup. A fallback delivery fees value can be defined if live rates aren't fetched.  

  4. Live rates on checkout page will have the name mentioned under Shipping options  

# Step 3: Setup Shipping Origin in Shipping Settings

In your Ecommerce store payment section, setup the shipping origin which will be considered as Sender's address while creating order in Shippo. This can be accessed at : _Payments > Settings > Shipping Origin_. Add details and save.

**Note:** _It should be a valid address else there will be error in Shippo prohibiting from purchasing Shipping labels._

# Step 4: Install Shippo app from marketplace

In the marketplace app or Integrations page (in Settings), search for Shippo and Install the application. Once installed, add the Live token to continue.

# Step 5: Enter the Shippo live token & continue

  1. Enter the live token that was generated in Step 1:  

  2. Enable live rates in shipping after setting up the package template, Shipping origin and Shipping options in Shippo:  

  3. If something is missing while setting up package template, Shipping origin and Shipping options in Shippo, following error will popup:  

##   

# Step 6: Enable/ Disable live shipping rates

Shipping rates can be enabled and disabled by ticking and unticking the checkbox respectively. Post enable/ disable of  live shipping rates, click Save.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [How to Configure Shipping & Delivery Rates In Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002428-how-to-configure-shipping-delivery-rates-in-ecommerce-stores)
  * [How to use Printful Integration with your Ecommerce Store?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002442-how-to-use-printful-integration-with-your-ecommerce-store-)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
