Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  6. Kajabi Importer: Easily Move Courses to Highlevel

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Kajabi Importer: Easily Move Courses to Highlevel

Modified on: Tue, 20 Aug, 2024 at 1:35 PM

### More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/z_jLYKtJkV0>

<https://youtu.be/m-FgdpNew8E>

<https://youtu.be/2_l5k3jg5Rg?si=JfrYJqigCA-pKlkR>[ ](https://youtu.be/2_l5k3jg5Rg?si=JfrYJqigCA-pKlkR)

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ohz0vg3X4V0>

The Kajabi Importer allows for simple migration of courses from Kajabi to Courses within HighLevel. This guide provides step-by-step instructions to ensure a smooth transition of your valuable content to the HighLevel platform.

**In This Article**

    * How to access the importer
    * Best Practices:
    * Steps to import course:
    * FAQs

* * *

## How to access the importer

  * Go to Memberships > Courses > Products > Create Product > Import  
  
**  
**

## **Best Practices:**

  * To optimize your experience, it's recommended to refrain from using custom CSS. 

  * Create a backup of your themes. This precautionary step allows you to revert to your original settings if needed.
  * Initiate the migration during off-hours to minimize any potential impact on your learners while using the course.

##   

## **Steps to import course**

Follow these steps to import your courses:

### **Step 1: Create a Learner profile**

  * Create a learner profile on _the platform you are importing from_

    * Ensure you are creating a new contact _within the platform you are importing from_  

  * Once created, go back to the Course Importer screen and enter the email and password you used to create the account in the previous step.

  * Add the learner domain in the domain field (the domain where you enter learner login credentials).

  * Click the "Import" button  

### **Step 2: Importing process**

  * Once the import process has started, it will log you in via learner credentials and start importing the courses.
  * While progress will be shown, make sure to click the "Refresh" button to get an accurate status.
  * To cancel the importing process, click the "Cancel" button.
  * Tabs can be switched while importing, but _do not close the tab or window_.
  * All videos, images and text content will be migrated for courses (and lessons).

    Note: The import will only bring in lessons that have been published. Additionally, the assignments, quizzes, and assessments will not be included in the import process.  
      
    **The preferred themes for the Library and Product sections are Encore Site and Premier Product, respectively.**

### **Step 3: Successful importation  **

  * Once the courses are successfully imported, they will appear under the **Products** section.

  * Last updated will appear under the Import section, stating when the last process took place.

* * *

## **FAQs**

  * **What causes an authentication error?**  

Authentication errors appear when the added domain or credentials are incorrect. To resolve this, carefully verify the credentials again and ensure they are correct before initiating the import process.

  * **What causes a "course import failed" error****?  
**  
Possible reasons for import failure:
    * **Incorrect Theme:** Ensure that the selected theme is correct.
    * **Credential Verification:** Double-check the accuracy of the provided credentials.
    * **Valid Domain:** Confirm that the provided domain is compatible with the "/login" path. For example, "domainName/login" should lead to the login page.
    * **Retry Option:** If the import fails, users can click on "retry" to resume the process from where it left off.
    * **Cancellation Clarification:** If a user cancels the import, it will be considered as canceled by the user, and any new imports will start from the beginning.  

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Add Membership Signups To Funnel Pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001143787-add-membership-signups-to-funnel-pages)
  * [Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked & drip content](/support/solutions/articles/155000002174-courses-in-app-notifications-for-comment-unlocked-drip-content)
  * [How do first time users Set Login Password, Request Forgotten Password for their membership portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002847-how-do-first-time-users-set-login-password-request-forgotten-password-for-their-membership-portal-)
  * [How To Build Courses / Membership Sites](/support/solutions/articles/48001141015-how-to-build-courses-membership-sites)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use the Kajabi Email Template Importer](/support/solutions/articles/155000002542-how-to-use-the-kajabi-email-template-importer)
  * [Paid Courses inside Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002135-paid-courses-inside-communities)
  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Skool to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003309-skool-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
