Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000574)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000574)
  6. Zoom - How to Integrate Zoom with HighLevel Calendars

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Zoom - How to Integrate Zoom with HighLevel Calendars

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 3:06 PM

**In This Article**

  * Overview
  * Prerequisites
  * How to Connect Zoom?
  * How to Add Zoom Links to Your Calendar?
  * Limitation with Zoom Integration
  * FAQs

* * *

### **Overview**

By connecting your Zoom account, you can generate dynamic meeting links, reducing the time spent for any manual actions. If you have selected Zoom as your meeting location in any calendar, upon a new booking, the system will automatically generate a unique Zoom link, which will be sent along with the calendar invite.

* * *

### **Prerequisites**

You need access to your Zoom account that you want to connect.

* * *

### **How to Connect Zoom?**

There are two ways users can connect their Zoom account:

1\. From "My Profile" menu under Settings tab.

2\. From "Calendars" menu under Settings tab.

Steps to connect zoom from "My Profile" method.

Steps to connect zoom from "Calendars" method.

1\. Go to Calendars > Calendar Settings > Connections.

2\. Locate the video conferencing tab.

3\. Click on "Add New" and then click "Connect" next to Zoom.

4\. Sign in to Zoom with your credentials.

5\. Your Zoom account has been successfully connected.

* * *

### **How to Add Zoom Links to Your Calendar?**  

In order to add Zoom to your Calendar:

  1. Ensure your Zoom integration is successfully set up.
  2. Navigate to your calendar settings.
  3. Select the calendar where you want to add dynamic Zoom links.

    Note: Dynamic Zoom Links are only supported for Round Robin and Collective calendars.

**Steps to add Zoom to your Calendar:**

  1. Edit Calendar: Open the calendar you wish to modify.
  2. Meeting Details: Go to the meeting details section.
  3. Team Members > Meeting Location: Scroll down to the meeting location under team members.
  4. Select Zoom: Choose Zoom and click Save.  

* * *

### **Limitation with Zoom Integration**

Each user can connect only one Zoom integration per subaccount, and the same Zoom integration cannot be connected across multiple subaccounts. For instance, if User A has already connected their Zoom integration in Subaccount A, they won't be able to link the same Zoom integration in Subaccount B.

* * *

### **FAQs**

Q: Which Calendars Support Dynamic Zoom Links?

A: Only Round Robin and Collective calendars support Zoom integration and generate new Zoom links for each appointment booked.  

Q: How to use Zoom with Other Calendar Types?

A: You can use Zoom with Event & Class Booking Calendars as well. For these calendars, you can manually generate a Zoom meeting link from Zoom and paste it in the calendar settings.

**Steps:**

  1. Generate the Zoom meeting link in Zoom.
  2. In calendar settings, select Custom as the meeting location.
  3. Paste the generated Zoom link.

###   

### ****

Note: This will add a static link, meaning the same link will be used for all new bookings.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Calendly - How to Integrate Calendly with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002373-calendly-how-to-integrate-calendly-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Google - How to Integrate Google with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002369-google-how-to-integrate-google-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Hide Third-Party Calendar Details](/support/solutions/articles/155000003545-hide-third-party-calendar-details)
  * [How to connect iCloud with Highlevel?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001477-how-to-connect-icloud-with-highlevel-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Microsoft Outlook - How to Integrate Outlook with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002371-microsoft-outlook-how-to-integrate-outlook-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Google - How to Integrate Google with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002369-google-how-to-integrate-google-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [iCloud - How to Integrate iCloud with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002370-icloud-how-to-integrate-icloud-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Calendly to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003308-calendly-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
