Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  6. Blogs Importer - Get All your Blog Posts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Blogs Importer - Get All your Blog Posts

Modified on: Mon, 21 Oct, 2024 at 11:09 AM

Get your Blog Post from any place inside Sites > Blogs, It is seamless migration of blog post importer if the sitemap is publicly exposed. Use the Blog importer to import all the blog post and its content, category and author.

 Key Features:

1\. Easy 3-Step Process - Add the blog URL and recent blog post URL to scan and preview the content.

Note: If the iframe is blocked, the blog post preview will not be displayed but functionality will work.

2\. Mapping Breakdown - Map the blog title, category/tag, featured images, published date, content, and author from the preview.

3\. Review and publish -  your content when you're ready! :smile:

**Pre-checks:**

Before you begin, ensure the blog has a sitemap for posts.

For example, for a blog at blog.abc.com, check blog.abc.com/sitemap.xml for a sitemap.

**How Does It Work?**

**Step 1: Setup Your Import**

\- Go to Sites > Blog

\- Click on the blog name

\- Navigate to New Post > Import Blog Post

\- Enter the blog URL and the last published blog post URL

\- Choose where you're importing from

Tip: After setup, you can revisit to see the "Scan in Progress" status in the "Imported Content" section.

**Step 2: Map Content** - Select the blog title, published date, author name, content, and category/tag

Note: If mapping is incorrect, you can manually select the CSS selector (reference: CSS Selectors).  

**Step 3: Import Content**

Once the scraping is complete (usually 10-20 minutes for 1,000 posts), you can import each post individually or in bulk. Note: All posts will initially be imported as drafts.

Recommendation:

Preview your blog post before publishing it live.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)

## You may like to read -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)
  * [Default Blog Flow - Getting Started with Blogs](/support/solutions/articles/48001220286-default-blog-flow-getting-started-with-blogs)
  * [Sharing Blog Content Across Sub-Accounts via a Snapshot](/support/solutions/articles/155000003594-sharing-blog-content-across-sub-accounts-via-a-snapshot)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
