Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Action - Split

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Split

Modified on: Thu, 5 Sep, 2024 at 4:43 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * Action Details
  * Example

##   

## Overview

Now we have an action in the workflows that can be used to conduct A/B testing. Send your contacts through multiple paths and check which one gets the better results.

## Action Name

Split Action

## Action Description

**Split action is a powerful tool designed to empower your marketing and sales automation strategies. With Split, you can d****ivide your contacts into multiple paths based on a random distribution according to the selected percentage, allowing you to test different variations of your workflow and identify the best performing one.**

## Action Details

  1. **Add the Split action** to your workflow by clicking on the "+" icon to add an action and selecting "Split" from the "Internal Tools" category.

**      **2\. The Split action screen will open.

** **      3\. Choose **"Random Split"** from the Distribution Type dropdown.

**      **4.**  Customize your paths:**

  * Change the default "Path A" and "Path B" names to your desired variations.
  * Set the percentage of contacts you want to send to each path (total must equal 100%).  

   5\. Add upto 5 paths and remove a path by clicking on "X" icon next to the path you want to delete.

####   

####    6\. Click on the "Statistics" icon to check how many contacts have entered which path.

#### 

####   

####   

7\. Stats will also be visible in the workflow if the "Stats View" is tuned on.

## Example

The distribution in random split is totally random just like rolling a dice is random. 

**Imagine you have 100 customers entering a workflow.** You've set up a Random Split with two paths: **Path A** and **Path B** , each with a **50% chance** of receiving a customer. This split is like flipping a coin: each path has an equal chance of being chosen for each customer.

**Here's how the distribution might look:**

  * **Customer 1:** Flips heads, goes to **Path A**.
  * **Customer 2:** Flips tails, goes to **Path A  **(again).
  * **Customer 3:** Flips heads, goes to **Path B**.
  * **Customer 4:** Flips tails, goes to **Path B** (again).
  * **Customer 5:  **Flips tails, goes to Path B (again).
  * **Customer 6:  **Flips tails, goes to Path A.  
  
This pattern continues randomly, with each customer having a chance of going to either path, **regardless of previous choices**.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [Text Formatter - How to format text the way you want](/support/solutions/articles/155000002065-text-formatter-how-to-format-text-the-way-you-want)
  * [How to set up A/B testing for your Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001230348-how-to-set-up-a-b-testing-for-your-email-campaigns)
  * [Split Testing in Funnels](/support/solutions/articles/48001230918-split-testing-in-funnels)
  * [Workflow Action - Text Formatter](/support/solutions/articles/155000003361-workflow-action-text-formatter)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
