Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to send personalized payment links to multiple contacts?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to send personalized payment links to multiple contacts?

Modified on: Thu, 8 Aug, 2024 at 4:55 PM

**Overview**

This documents covers how you can send payment links to your contacts where their details like name, email, phone number etc. already filled in, which enables a good customer experience and helps the sender to improve conversions.

**What can you do while creating the payment link?**

1\. Business users now have the capability to choose multiple contacts and directly send out personalized payment-links to the contact via email & sms from editor by clicking on copy/send button on the top right.

2\. Business user's can configure their own email and sms templates to send or even use the default template provided.

3\. Along with this the business user also has an option to copy the standard link or choose a contact from the dropdown and get personalized payment link for the contact.

**What will the receiver of the link see?**

1\. Once the user (receiver) opens up the payment-link from sent using the above template, they would have all their data like name, email, phone already filled in, making it a personalized payment experience.

**How to Use it?**

1\. Go to Payments Tab -> Payment-Links -> Edit

2\. In the top right corner one would be able to see a Copy / Send Button ( on saved links or post saving a new link)

_Note - User needs to save a payment-link first and then this feature would be available, it would also be available for already saved links.___  

**Limitations for personalized payment links?**

1\. You can send personalized payment links to a maximum of 50 contacts in bulk in one time

2\. The personalized links will only be sent to the contact if the contact has a valid email Id and valid phone number associated to it.

3\. The payment links won't be sent to the contacts if they have DND enabled.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [Payment Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000002177-payment-links)
  * [How to Set Up Automatic Taxes for Fast Payment Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000003070-how-to-set-up-automatic-taxes-for-fast-payment-links)
  * [Workflow Action - Manual SMS](/support/solutions/articles/155000003289-workflow-action-manual-sms)
  * [FAQs for Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003654-faqs-for-affiliates)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
