Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Template Library](/support/solutions/folders/48000687583)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Template Library](/support/solutions/folders/48000687583)
  6. How to manage categories, types and tags?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to manage categories, types and tags?

Modified on: Tue, 17 Sep, 2024 at 6:11 PM

We’ve enhanced admin features to make managing categories, types, and tags easier and more efficient.  

### **Capabilities supported:**

  1. **Create, Edit, and Delete Categories**

     * You can now **create, edit, and delete categories** for better organization. Before deleting, move templates to other categories if needed.
  2. **Manage Types and Tags**

     * Easily **edit and delete types and tags** from one screen without searching through templates.

### **How to Use It?**

  1. **Access Template Library Admin Screen:**

     * Navigate to the Template Library Admin screen.
  2. **Manage Categories:**

     * Click on **Settings**.
     * **Create** : Click on create categories and specify the details and choose type as category
     * Choose the product and find the category you wish to **edit** or **delete**.
     * **Edit** : Click the edit button to update the name or description of the category.
     * **Delete** : Click the delete button. You will be prompted to confirm the deletion. If you want to preserve the templates, move them to another category before confirming deletion.
  3. **Manage Types:**

     * Navigate to the types section.
     * **Create:  **Click on create Categories and Types, and update the details with type as "Type"
     * **Edit** : Change the name or description of the type by clicking the edit button.
     * **Delete** : Click the delete button and confirm the deletion.
  4. **Manage Tags:**

     * Navigate to the tags section.
     * **Edit** : Change the name of the tag by clicking the edit button.
     * **Delete** : Click the delete button and confirm the deletio

**FAQs**  
**1\. Who has access to all these capabilities?**  
Only Agency Admins have access to the admin and settings page  
  
**2\. Can we edit the categories, tags and types added by the GHL team?**  
You can only hide the categories added by GHL team.  
**  
3\. Would my templates get deleted if I delete categories?**  
We will warn about the list of templates that has the risk of deletion. It is advisable to move these templates to a hidden category. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How does the Template Library work?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236650-how-does-the-template-library-work-)
  * [How to add your own template in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001304-how-to-add-your-own-template-in-template-library-)
  * [How to clone templates in template library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001458-how-to-clone-templates-in-template-library-)
  * [How to add descriptions to your templates?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001459-how-to-add-descriptions-to-your-templates-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Contact Type](/support/solutions/articles/155000001302-contact-type)
  * [Email Builder: Understanding Advance Conditions for Smart Lists and Tags](/support/solutions/articles/48001223041-email-builder-understanding-advance-conditions-for-smart-lists-and-tags)
  * [Customize Email and SMS notifications for invoicing](/support/solutions/articles/48001236926-customize-email-and-sms-notifications-for-invoicing)
  * [RSS Email Body showing HTML tags?](/support/solutions/articles/48001202219-rss-email-body-showing-html-tags-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
