Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Chat Widget](/support/solutions/folders/48000667019)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Chat Widget](/support/solutions/folders/48000667019)
  6. How to Add Multiple Chat Widgets to the Same Website

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Add Multiple Chat Widgets to the Same Website

Modified on: Fri, 11 Oct, 2024 at 2:25 PM

## **What's New?**

Multiple Chat Widget: Add multiple chat widgets with different designs and customizations on different landing pages.

Streamlined Code: This release reduces the code required for installation, enhancing overall performance.

Hassle-Free Updates: You no longer need to reinstall the code when making changes or updating widget settings.

## **How Does it work?**

  1. Go to Sites > Chat Widget

  2. There will be the option of Create New Chat Widget

  3. There are three option - SMS/Phone Chat, Live Chat and WhatsApp Chat. User will select one option for chat type.

 Note - The current setup will become the default chat widget.

  4. In Funnels or Websites, the user will be able to select the chat widget option to get more. WordPress will support the default chat widget.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)
  * [Overview of Chat Widget Customizations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002960-overview-of-chat-widget-customizations)
  * [How To Automatically Add Email Addresses & Phone Numbers From FB Chat Into Contact Record](/support/solutions/articles/48001173609-how-to-automatically-add-email-addresses-phone-numbers-from-fb-chat-into-contact-record)
  * [Use Google Analytics (GA4) to Track Website and Chat Widget Activity](/support/solutions/articles/155000002178-use-google-analytics-ga4-to-track-website-and-chat-widget-activity)

## You may like to read -

  * [Glossary](/support/solutions/articles/48001231169-glossary)
  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)
  * [Web Chat Widget - Advanced Configurations + Public API/Events](/support/solutions/articles/48001191051-web-chat-widget-advanced-configurations-public-api-events)
  * [How to create multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001531-how-to-create-multiple-dashboards)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
