Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. How to Quickly Add and Edit Custom Fields in Forms and Su...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Quickly Add and Edit Custom Fields in Forms and Surveys

Modified on: Tue, 27 Aug, 2024 at 9:29 PM

We are excited to announce the Quick Add Fields & Edit Custom Fields feature in our form/survey builder. This enhancement simplifies the process of adding and managing custom fields, making it more efficient and user-friendly.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What’s New?
    * Quick Add Custom Fields: 
    * Custom Fields which we can be draggable now:
    * Customization Options: 
    * Simplified Workflow: 
    * Editing Capabilities: 
    * Field Locking: 
  * How It Works
    * Drag and Drop:
    * Customize: 
    * Save: 
    * Edit: 
  * Why This Feature?

## **What’s New?**

### **Quick Add Custom Fields:  **

Previously, adding custom fields required multiple steps through the Add Custom Field modal. Now, with Quick Add, you can easily create custom fields by dragging and dropping them into the form.

### **Custom Fields which we can be draggable now:**

  * Radio Select
  * Single and Multi Dropdown
  * Checkbox
  * File upload
  * Single Line
  * Multi line
  * Textbox List
  * Date picker
  * Number
  * Monetary

### **Customization Options:  **

Customize options for dropdowns, radio buttons, and checkboxes, including file input options for file upload fields. You can set the custom field name and unique key.

### **Simplified Workflow:  **

Saving the form/survey will save the custom fields, making them available across all places.

### **Editing Capabilities:  **

You can edit properties of newly created or existing custom fields, such as customizing options (editing, ordering, and deleting), and file input options.

### **Field Locking:  **

After saving the form/survey, the custom field name and unique key are locked. They can be edited from the custom fields section.

## **How It Works**

### **Drag and Drop:**

Drag and drop the desired field into the form.

### **Customize:  **

Customize the options for dropdowns, radio buttons, and checkboxes, or file input options for file upload fields. Set the custom field name and unique key if needed.

### **Save:  **

Save the form/survey to save the custom fields, making them available across all places.

### **Edit:  **

Edit newly created or existing custom field properties from the custom fields section and save the form/survey.

## **Why This Feature?**

The Quick Add Custom Fields feature is designed to save time and reduce the complexity of managing custom fields. By allowing users to add fields on-the-fly, we aim to enhance the overall user experience and improve workflow efficiency.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [Math Calculations in Forms/Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003634-math-calculations-in-forms-surveys)
  * [Typeform to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003331-typeform-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Using the Inline Forms/ Surveys Element in email campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003912-using-the-inline-forms-surveys-element-in-email-campaign)
  * [Surveys with Conditional Logic](/support/solutions/articles/48000981703-surveys-with-conditional-logic)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
