Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [Funnel AI](/support/solutions/folders/155000000940)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [Funnel AI](/support/solutions/folders/155000000940)
  6. How to Enable and Rebill Funnel AI

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Enable and Rebill Funnel AI

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 6:59 AM

    - **Agencies on  ****Any Plan**** ** ($97, $970, $297, $2970, $497, $4970) can access Funnel AI.  
      
    - Once Funnel AI is enabled via the Agency settings, existing and new sub accounts will see an option to purchase domain  
      
    - For agencies to avoid accruing execution costs for EXISTING Sub-Accounts, rebilling will need to be enabled _**manually**_ for each Sub-Account within the Agency view.  
      
    - If Funnel AI is **enabled** on the SaaS Configurator, new Sub-Accounts generated will _automatically_ be enrolled in Funnel AI, _**no further**_ action is required by the agency.

####   
[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000003454?portalId=48000045315#How-to-enable-LC-Premium-Actions-&-Triggers-at-the-Agency-level)

# **How to enable Funnel AI at the Agency level?**

  * To enable **Funnel AI** for your whole Agency (including all your Sub-Accounts), head into your AgencyLevel Settings. for that, you will first need to Click the Sub account switcher tab at the top left corner of the sidebar.  
  
Click **"Switch to Agency View"**  
  
Look for **"Settings"  **tab at the bottom left corner of the sidebar.  
  
Scroll down and select **"Company"** tab. When you're in a company settings menu, look for **"Funnel AI"**. Enable the feature using the Toggle option.  
  
Check the box "I confirm that I agree to the Funnel AI terms." And then click Enable.

  * You can enable or disable the Funnel AI feature or rebill for each Sub-Account in **Agency Settings > Funnel AI **. You can access Sub-Account Settings only if Funnel AI is enabled at the Agency Level.

        **Please Note:**

    **_Agencies on**Any Plan**_   ($97, $970, $297, $2970, $497, $4970) can access Funnel AI Purchase.**

* * *

# **Funnel AI Pricing**

  * Once Funnel AI is enabled, when you create a new funnel, Funnel AI (beta) option will come.
  * Funnel AI is free for the first 5 free funnel generation. The price of the funnel after 5 free funnel generation is 0.99$.

#   

# **How does Funnel AI work ?**

Now lets start building the funnel using AI. Head over to **"Funnels"** section.

****

Click**"+New Funnel"** tab to start building the funnel. A new pop up should come once you click the button.

****

Select**"Funnel AI"** option and then click **"Continue"** to go to the next step.

Now just start typing the name of your business. We are just a few steps away from experiencing the AI magic.  

Select your industry using the dropdown menu. In this case, we will select "hair salon." Once you have selected the industry, Click **"Next"** button to go to the next step.

****  

The industry selected in the previous step will appear here. If you need to change this, you can always go back to the previous step and change the industry using the dropdown menu.

****

In this step, we will use the dropdown menu to select the objective of our funnel such as generating more leads, getting more appointments etc. This will help the AI to build the funnel that is perfectly suited for our objective.

****  

Now lets choose how the tone of the content on our website should sound.

Now that we have set the expectations from our Funnel AI assistant, we will just click **"Generate"** button.

**  
**

Wait for a few seconds.

****

You are almost there.

There we have the funnel built for our hair salon.

# **Re-billing the costs to your clients and making a profit**

**(only for 497 SaaS Agencies)**

Once you have enabled Funnel AI Purchase in your agency account, it will be automatically enabled for all your clients to use. You can bill your clients at cost or add markup.

## **How to turn on re-billing for my clients?**

  1. Ensure you have enabled **Funnel AI** for your Agency first. (see instructions)  

  2. If the sub-account isn't in SaaS Mode already, switch the sub-account into SaaS Mode by going into your **Agency account** > **Accounts tab  **> **Scroll to the sub-account** >  
  
Click the three dots icon.**  

Select "Switch to SaaS." For detailed steps, click[How to convert a location to SaaS](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001184920) to go to the step by step guide.

******  

  3. **In**Ag** ency account** > **Accounts tab** > Scroll to the **Sub-Account** > Click the **View Details  **link > Scroll to the **Domain Purchase** Re-Sell Settings section and toggle it on.  

  4. Use the slider to set the amount of markup you like to make and hit save!  

  5. Rinse and repeat for all your Sub-Accounts where you wish to rebill for usage.

* * *

# **How does re-billing work?**

  * Agencies pay HighLevel and get invoices with high-level branding
  * Sub-accounts (your clients) pay you (the agency) and get invoices with your branding. The money is deposited in your Stripe account connected to your agency level. [How do I connect my agency's Stripe account to collect client payments?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001171910)

This is very similar to other products that use re-billing or reselling models in the platform. Just like LC Phone or LC Email re-billing, re-billing of the Funnel AI also utilizes "credits" from the agency wallet & the location wallet, respectively. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Enable and Rebill Funnel AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000003710-how-to-enable-and-rebill-funnel-ai)

## You may like to read -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [How to Enable and Rebill Content AI?](/support/solutions/articles/48001234826-how-to-enable-and-rebill-content-ai-)
  * [AI Tools in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002166-ai-tools-in-highlevel)
  * [How to Enable and Rebill Workflow AI?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000169-how-to-enable-and-rebill-workflow-ai-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
