Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  6. SMS Restriction History

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# SMS Restriction History

Modified on: Mon, 23 Sep, 2024 at 3:19 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * SMS Restriction History
  * Enhancements
  * Bug Fixes

## **SMS Restriction History**

It helps you note and track any adverse action on their SMS sending, like 

  * Daily/Weekly sending limit violations
  * Warning Emails and Temporary restrictions based on 30007 and opt-out rate.

This option can be found under Location > Settings > Phone numbers > Advanced settings > Restriction history

## **Enhancements**

  * Number purchase flow > Search now supports blankspace and special characters as US based customers commonly use in their format
  * Earlier, if you called someone belonging to a location that was disabled, the call would get disconnected without any feedback. Now you will hear a voice describing the issue and the solution along with a tooltip on the UI
  * Recordings and transcriptions should now appear faster
  * We were already blocking certain keywords in SMS like 'cannabis'. We will now also block 'fireworks' and 'THC'

## **Bug Fixes**

  * SMS limit would sometimes not level up for users (ramp up model). This should now level up as expected
  * 'PR' (Puerto Rico) now shows up as a US state instead of a country for the A2P flow
  * After a sub-account transfer from one agency to another, the previous agency would get billed mistakenly. We have now fixed this issue

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [SMS Contains Pieces of Code](/support/solutions/articles/48000979914-sms-contains-pieces-of-code)
  * [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152123-sms-still-coming-from-old-twilio-number-when-i-got-a-new-one-)
  * [Incoming SMS only shows up in Conversation / not forwarding to the forwarding number](/support/solutions/articles/48001156789-incoming-sms-only-shows-up-in-conversation-not-forwarding-to-the-forwarding-number)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Copy Workflow to another Sub-Account?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001229-how-to-copy-workflow-to-another-sub-account-)
  * [Workflow Builder Walkthrough](/support/solutions/articles/155000001254-workflow-builder-walkthrough)
  * [LC - Phone Messaging Policy](/support/solutions/articles/48001213941-lc-phone-messaging-policy)
  * [History for GPT actions (AI Memory Key)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003026-history-for-gpt-actions-ai-memory-key-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
