Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Customizing Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000704)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Customizing Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000704)
  6. How to Use the Rich Text Editor to Enhance Your Calendar ...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use the Rich Text Editor to Enhance Your Calendar Descriptions

Modified on: Fri, 9 Aug, 2024 at 8:50 PM

We are excited to introduce the 

rich text editor 

for calendar descriptions! This new feature allows users to create more 

engaging

, readable, and 

customizable

calendar descriptions.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What's New?
  * How to Use?

##   

## **What's New?**

With the rich text editor, you can now enhance your calendar descriptions with various formatting options. Here are the features you can use:

  * Text Formatting: Bold, Italics, Underline, Strikethrough

  * Lists: Bulleted and numbered lists

  * Hyperlinks: Add clickable links to redirect users to other pages from the booking widget

  * Text & Background Color: Customize text and background colors to match your theme

  * Paragraphs and Headings: Organize content with paragraphs and different headings

  * Text Alignment: Align text to the left, center, or right as per your preference

These enhancements enable you to highlight important information, improve readability, and make your calendar descriptions visually appealingand in line with your branding.

## **How to Use?**

  1. Go to the calendar settings and select the calendar you want to edit.
  2. Navigate to the 'Meeting Details' section.
  3. Under the calendar description, you will find the rich text editor options.
  4. Use the available formatting options to create your desired description.
  5. Click "Save" to apply the changes.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Adding Custom Forms to Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/48001076135-adding-custom-forms-to-calendars)
  * [Customizing Calendar Colors](/support/solutions/articles/48001166407-customizing-calendar-colors)
  * [How to Use the Rich Text Editor to Enhance Your Calendar Descriptions](/support/solutions/articles/155000003059-how-to-use-the-rich-text-editor-to-enhance-your-calendar-descriptions)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Notes, Action Notes & Sticky Notes](/support/solutions/articles/155000003914-workflow-notes-action-notes-sticky-notes)
  * [How to Easily Add and Edit Shadows in Your Website Builder](/support/solutions/articles/155000003082-how-to-easily-add-and-edit-shadows-in-your-website-builder)
  * [Calendar: Add Notes Per Appointment](/support/solutions/articles/155000003444-calendar-add-notes-per-appointment)
  * [How to Use the Plain Text Editor for Emails](/support/solutions/articles/155000003104-how-to-use-the-plain-text-editor-for-emails)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
