Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
  4. [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  6. Conversations: Quick Reply Prompts for Facebook/Instagram

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Conversations: Quick Reply Prompts for Facebook/Instagram

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 11:29 AM

## **Overview**

The Quick Replies feature enables users to create predefined response prompts for Facebook and Instagram messages, allowing for faster and more efficient communication. This feature is especially useful for businesses that receive frequent inquiries, enabling them to respond promptly and maintain engagement with customers.

## **Setting Up Quick Replies:**

  * Quick replies can be configured for facebook or instagram, using the Workflow actions - Facebook Interactive Messenger and Instagram Interactive Messenger. 
  * You can configure up to 13 quick replies each with a maximum length of 20 characters. 

  * Quick Replies are displayed as predefined options on the customer’s interface, allowing them to easily select and send a response with one tap.
  * On Conversations, user can see all the quick replies below the message. 
  * The selected quick reply will be sent as an inbound message. And on conversations page, it is shown in blue. 

****Note:****

  * Quick Replies are visible only as part of the most recent message and function as single-tap responses.
  * Once a quick reply is selected, the customer cannot change their choice, ensuring a focused interaction.

****Channel-Specific Conditions:****

  * Facebook: You can add Quick Replies alongside buttons and images, providing more options for customer interactions.
  * Instagram: You can either add buttons or Quick Replies in a message. Quick Replies can only be added when no attachments are included in the same message.

**  
**

****  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Unread VS Read - Must Manually Mark as Read](/support/solutions/articles/48000980858-unread-vs-read-must-manually-mark-as-read)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to CC (Carbon Copy) and BCC (Blind Carbon Copy) for email composer](/support/solutions/articles/155000000444-how-to-cc-carbon-copy-and-bcc-blind-carbon-copy-for-email-composer)
  * [Contact Engagement score](/support/solutions/articles/155000001251-contact-engagement-score)

## You may like to read -

  * [WhatsApp: Template Level Analytics](/support/solutions/articles/155000003714-whatsapp-template-level-analytics)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Facebook/Instagram - Comment(s) on a Post](/support/solutions/articles/155000003419-workflow-trigger-facebook-instagram-comment-s-on-a-post)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to use Facebook comment automation for Facebook Groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000002147-how-to-use-facebook-comment-automation-for-facebook-groups)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
