Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Collective Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000701)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Collective Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000701)
  6. Creating Collective Booking Calendars

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Creating Collective Booking Calendars

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 2:14 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Set Calendar Primary Owner
  * How would the Notifications work?
  * Payments

* * *

  1. Go to Calendars ➝ Calendar Settings
  2. Click on "Create Calendar"
  3. Select "Collective Booking"

  1. Add the mandatory details for this calendar
    1. Calendar Name
    2. Select Team members (A minimum of 2 team members are required for a Collective Calendar)
    3. Custom URL
    4. Meeting Location - This is not mandatory but recommended. If no meeting location is added, then the Custom Meeting location for the primary owner would be taken as default.
  2. You can click on "Confirm" and your Collective Calendar will be created.

3\. To customize the Calendar Settings, you can either click on the "Go to advanced settings," or once the calendar creation is done, you can click on Edit calendar which would take you to the advanced settings.

* * *

## **Set Calendar Primary Owner**

A primary owner in Collective booking would be that team member who would lead the appointment. The primary owner would also be the Appointment owner, and if the contact assignment is enabled then the contact would get assigned to the primary owner. 

By default, the first team member added to the collective booking would be made the primary owner and the primary owner in the Collective booking cannot be deleted. 

Change Primary Owner

**To change the Primary owner:**

  1. Go to Advanced Settings/Edit Calendar ➝ Meeting Details
  2. You would see the option "Make owner" against all the team members who are not currently Primary owner
  3. Click on "Make owner" against the team member whom you want to make Primary Owner

4\. The owner would change as shown below and would be indicated with the "Owner" label next to them

**Please Note:**

     A Primary owner cannot be deleted from the collective booking calendar. To delete a team member please ensure that the team member is not the Primary owner

### **How would the Notifications work?**

Only the assigned user will receive the email notification. However all the Users would receive a calendar invite notification from their third party integrated calendars (Google, Outlook, iCloud).

### **Payments**

Payments would continue to work for Collective Booking if they are enabled for the Calendar, where the user would have to make the payment first, and once the payment is confirmed only then would the appointment be booked.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Collective Bookings Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000000578-collective-bookings-calendar-overview)
  * [Collective Booking Calendar Use Cases](/support/solutions/articles/155000003556-collective-booking-calendar-use-cases)
  * [Creating Collective Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000003557-creating-collective-booking-calendars)

## You may like to read -

  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Calendly to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003308-calendly-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Collective Bookings Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000000578-collective-bookings-calendar-overview)
  * [Zoom - How to Integrate Zoom with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002372-zoom-how-to-integrate-zoom-with-highlevel-calendars)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
