Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Error Notifications in workflows

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Error Notifications in workflows

Modified on: Wed, 11 Sep, 2024 at 3:34 PM

Introducing a new workflow feature: users now receive email notifications for errors, with a dedicated **Needs Review** tab to manage them and options to configure notifications and acknowledge errors.

**In This Article**

  * Whats new
  * What actions are covered in phase 1?
  * How to use?
  * Points to be noted :
  * How to disable notifications?

* * *

## **Whats new**

Users will now receive emails and have a dedicated section to view workflows that contain errors.

  * New Workflow Settings Section:

 A new "Workflow Settings" option is available. Clicking this will take users to a settings page where they can configure email notifications.
  * "Needs Review" Tab: 

A new tab on the workflows list page called "Needs Review" displays all workflows containing an error.
  * Automated Error Notifications:

 An email will automatically be sent to sub-account admins whenever there is an error in a workflow.
  * Error Acknowledgment: 

A new button in execution logs allows users to acknowledge that they have viewed the errors.

## **What actions are covered in phase 1?**

  * Webhook & Custom webhooks
  * Premium actions: Slack, Array, Custom code, Chatgpt, Google sheets
  * Facebook : Add to custom audience, Remove from custom audience, Conversion API ,Messenger, Interactive messenger
  * Instagram :Instagram dm, Interactive messenger

## **How to use?**

  * ### Click on "Workflow Settings" to set up the emails for receiving notifications.

  * Use the "Needs Review" tab in workflows to view a list of workflows with errors.

****

  * Click on any item to navigate to the execution logs.
  * Mark errors as read to acknowledge them.

****

## **Points to be noted :**

  * By default, Notifications will be turned off.
  * Email recipients can be added or removed as needed.
  * Users will receive an email immediately when an error occurs in a workflow.
  *  "Review it" button on the email will take the user to needs review tab
  * Users will receive only one email every 24 hours. A subsequent email will be sent if new errors are detected after this 24-hour window.

****

##   

## **How to disable notifications?**

Simply go to workflow settings and turn off the toggle. This will stop users from receiving any error notification emails.

**  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [A List of Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/articles/155000002292-a-list-of-workflow-triggers)
  * [Trigger - Number Validation](/support/solutions/articles/155000003163-trigger-number-validation)
  * [List of all outgoing system generated emails](/support/solutions/articles/48001209235-list-of-all-outgoing-system-generated-emails)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
