Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
  4. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  6. 2 in 1 Documents: Direct Invoice payments after signing

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# 2 in 1 Documents: Direct Invoice payments after signing

Modified on: Wed, 23 Oct, 2024 at 3:26 PM

[](https://ideas.gohighlevel.com/changelog/2-in-1-documents-direct-invoice-payments-after-signing)

##   

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What's New?
  * How to Use?
  * Why We Built It?
  * What's Next?

##   

## **What's New?**

  * Direct invoice payments are now available immediately after document signing by the primary user.
  * Sign documents and make payments in one streamlined process.
  * Reduces the need for separate invoicing, improving efficiency.
  * Feature will support only product lists with one time products.

## **How to Use?**

  1. Create Document: Upload your contract or agreement or create one from scratch for signing.

  2. Enable direct payments:

  * Enable payments by switching the toggle on.

  * Product lists with one time products will be supported for direct payments.

  * Primary recipient will be directed to the invoice page directly, all others will complete the signing only.

  3. Send for Signing: Send the document for the recipient's signature.

  4. Complete Payment: After signing, the primary recipient pays directly through the document.

  5. Track Payments: After sending, track payments either from the document section or from invoices.

## **Why We Built It?**

  * To simplify contract signing and payments into a single flow.
  * Enhance user experience by speeding up the payment process post-signature.

## **What's Next?**

  1. Adding support for recurring product lists
  2. Launch payment plans with deposit options on documents
  3. Saving card details on documents
  4. Making 3 in 1 Documents - Linking estimates, contracts and invoices: all in the same flow.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)
  * [Automatic invoice creation after Document/Contract is signed](/support/solutions/articles/155000001299-automatic-invoice-creation-after-document-contract-is-signed)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001300-multiple-recipient-support-on-documents-contracts)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Add Recurring Products to Your Products List in Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002963-how-to-add-recurring-products-to-your-products-list-in-documents-and-contracts)
  * [Manage payment methods displayed with Stripe integration](/support/solutions/articles/155000002377-manage-payment-methods-displayed-with-stripe-integration)
  * [How to make agency subscription payments with 3DS cards?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001685-how-to-make-agency-subscription-payments-with-3ds-cards-)
  * [ACH Debit payment method on invoices](/support/solutions/articles/155000000611-ach-debit-payment-method-on-invoices)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
