Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  6. How to change and customize your dashboard theme

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to change and customize your dashboard theme

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 4:51 AM

Customizing your dashboard with themes allows you to personalize its appearance and enhance its visual appeal. Follow these simple steps to apply a theme or create your own.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

      * Step 1: Open Your Dashboard:
      * Step 2: Enter Edit Mode:
      * Step 3: Access the Themes Section:
      * Step 4: Choose or Create a Theme:
      * Step 5: Save Your Changes:
      * Step 6: Widget Themes(Optional):

* * *

### **Step 1: Open Your Dashboard:**

  * Navigate to the dashboard you want to customize.  

### **Step 2: Enter Edit Mode:**

  * Click on the Pencil icon in the top-right corner of the dashboard.  

  * After entering edit mode, select **Add Widget** to access customization options.  

### **Step 3: Access the Themes Section:**

  * In the sidebar that appears, switch to the Themes tab.

### **Step 4: Choose or Create a Theme:**

  * You can either:

  * Select a predefined theme from the available options, or

  * Create your own custom theme by configuring each dashboard element (such as background color, text color, widget styles, etc.).

### **Step 5: Save Your Changes:**

  * Once you've chosen or created your theme, click Save to apply the changes to your dashboard.

### **Step 6: Widget Themes(Optional):**

  * Specific widgets can be configured with themes as well, to do this edit a widget and on the side bar switch to the the theme section.

* * *

#   

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Dashboard: Opportunities, Pipeline Value, Conversion Rate, Funnel, Stages Distribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001152117-dashboard-opportunities-pipeline-value-conversion-rate-funnel-stages-distribution)
  * [Dashboard Funnel chart opportunities explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181826-dashboard-funnel-chart-opportunities-explained)
  * [Lead source report explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181830-lead-source-report-explained)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)

## You may like to read -

  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Shopify Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239778-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-shopify-website)
  * [How to use membership themes](/support/solutions/articles/48001207635-how-to-use-membership-themes)
  * [Communities - Change your group theme](/support/solutions/articles/155000002455-communities-change-your-group-theme)
  * [WordPress Plugin and Theme Management](/support/solutions/articles/48001231547-wordpress-plugin-and-theme-management)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
