Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [SMS & Email Templates](/support/solutions/folders/48000666015)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [SMS & Email Templates](/support/solutions/folders/48000666015)
  6. How to Use the Kajabi Email Template Importer

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use the Kajabi Email Template Importer

Modified on: Thu, 30 May, 2024 at 10:15 AM

Users can seamlessly import templates from Kajabi by simply sending it in an email from Kajabi to our dynamically generated email ID in just a few steps.

Why We Did It?

Simplicity: We wanted to ensure a straightforward importing flow that can be easily followed by both technical and non-technical users.

Reusability: Providing the option to reuse already created templates from Kajabi enhances efficiency and saves valuable time.

How to Import?

  1. Navigate to Email Marketing -> Templates in your account.
  2. Click on 

New -> Import 

Templates.

  3. Select 

"Kajabi"

 from the dropdown menu.

  4. Copy the dynamically generated email ID provided.

  5. Send the desired template as a test email or campaign to this email ID from your Kajabi account.
  6. Click on 

"Continue"

 to start the import.
  7. Specify the desired name for this Template and click on 

"Create Template"

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SMS Templates (Snippets) - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000981405-sms-templates-snippets-overview)
  * [Message Templates (Snippets)](/support/solutions/articles/155000000890-message-templates-snippets-)
  * [How to Use the Kajabi Email Template Importer](/support/solutions/articles/155000002542-how-to-use-the-kajabi-email-template-importer)

## You may like to read -

  * [Kajabi Importer: Easily Move Courses to Highlevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000001725-kajabi-importer-easily-move-courses-to-highlevel)
  * [How to import HTML Email Templates/ Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215400-how-to-import-html-email-templates-campaigns)
  * [How to add your email templates in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003186-how-to-add-your-email-templates-in-template-library-)
  * [How does the Template Library work?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236650-how-does-the-template-library-work-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
