Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. Ad Campaign Monthly Budget Management: Default Ad Manager

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Ad Campaign Monthly Budget Management: Default Ad Manager

Modified on: Thu, 26 Sep, 2024 at 3:50 PM

Select a budget for your Facebook Ads campaign that aligns with your business needs. Take into account your ideal customer, the services you offer, and your vision for business or goals when determining your budget.

Your monthly subscription includes your ad spend on Facebook as well as the subscription fee to run your ads and optimize your campaign.  

### **Understanding your campaign budget**

Campaign subscriptions for Ad Manager for Facebook Ads with budget range from $100-$1500. Once you choose a budget and launch your campaign, it renews automatically each month. If you choose to end your ad campaign with leftover ad spend, it's saved and added to your next ad campaign or can be utilised for other purposes of subscription.

For the first month, the monthly budget limit will be 3500$ and afterwards the monthly budget will increase for each campaign.  

### **Setting a monthly budget**

You set your budget as part of building your ad campaign from Ad Manager. The full payment for your monthly subscription is due when you first launch the campaign. The subscription renews monthly after that.

#### **To set a monthly budget:**

  1. Go to New Campaign
  2. Navigate to **Monthly Budget** (Step 2) in the campaign setup flow.

  * **Note:**  If you haven't started setting up your campaign you need to follow the setup steps before you can choose a budget.

  1. In the Budget section, Drag the slider under **How much do you want to invest?** to choose a monthly budget amount. See how much the monthly subscription equals per day and get an estimate of ad views on this budget.  

  2. User can add other details of Ad Campaign. 
  3. Click **Next** at the bottom to review your ad and budget.

The best thing you can give a campaign is time. Let your campaign run for a few months so Ad Manager can learn about your Ads, audience and conversions. The more data, the better it can optimize and deliver results.

####   
**Can I change my budget during a campaign?**

Yes, you can update your budget during a campaign if the one you originally set no longer works for you. You can choose to increase or decrease the amount regardless of how far into your monthly subscription you are.

When you change your monthly budget, you are also starting a new subscription. This means that once you pick a new subscription, you pay the new amount immediately regardless of where you are in the current monthly subscription. Then at the start of the next month's subscription, your budget resets to the new amount.  

If you have remaining spend from your original budget, that spend carries over and is included in the new monthly budget amount. 

View example of increasing the budget - 

**January 1st:** Your budget is $500

**January 15th: You will pause the current ad campaign, resume the campaign by increasing the amount to $800 in Step 2 Ad Campaign flow.  **

**You Pay Right Away:  **$800 (leftover amount from $500 will get utilised to pay and you can check the invoice)

**You Still Have:** (approx) $250 leftover from original $500

**Your New Budget for January 15th - Feb 15th:  **$800 

**February 15th:  **Your new monthly budget is $800

View example of decreasing the budget

**January 1st:** Your budget is $800

**January 15th: You will pause the current ad campaign, resume the campaign by decreasing the amount to $500.  **

**You Pay Right Away:  **$500 (leftover amount from $800 will get utilised to pay and you can check the invoice in company billing)

**You Still Have:** (approx) $400 leftover from original $800

**Your New Budget for January 15th - Feb 15th:  **$500 

**February 15th:  **Your new monthly budget is $500

**Ad Manager Refund Policy**

Ads campaigns in Ad Manager are paid with a monthly subscription and payments are non-refundable. If you pause your campaign before the month is up, your campaign ends instantly, and auto-renew is turned off.

You can restart an paused campaign at any time before your monthly subscription expires by clicking **Resume Campaign.**

**What happens to the subscription and the remaining budget amount when an ad campaign is paused in between of the subscription period?**

Whenever a campaign is created, at the end after hitting 'Publish', a paywall opens up to collect a subscription payment of the budget amount set by you. If you pause your campaign before the month is up, your campaign ends instantly, and auto-renew is turned off. Any left over amount from your campaign budget will be in your HL account and can be seen as stripe credits, so when you try to resume a paused campaign, you will go through the same payment flow but only the difference amount will be deducted from your card and stripe credits will be used for the rest.

**Example** : 

You published a campaign with monthly budget: $100  
Agency markup is 10%(assuming) of campaign budget: 10% of $100 = $10  
HL charges: 10% of remaining - 10% of $90 = $9  
Remaining amount to be used to run a campaign: $81

Paused it after 2 days, budget amount used: $5

Remaining amount sent as stripe credits and reverse invoice generated for it: $100-10-9-5 = $76

Now if you resume the ad campaign, you will go through the process and pay only $24 and the remaining will be deducted from the stripe credits. In order to resume an ad, please click on the 3 dots(ellipses) in line with the campaign you wish to resume and click **Resume**.

**Notes:**

  * Any unused ad spend will remain in your account until you resume the campaign.
  * Prices do not include VAT, which is determined based on your billing country.
  * To prevent rejections from Facebook, make sure your campaign complies with [Facebook's Advertising Policies](https://support.wix.com/en/article/facebook-ads-campaigns-rejected-by-facebook).

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Campaign budget definition: Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003050-campaign-budget-definition-connect-your-own-meta-business-manager)
  * [How to resell Ad Manager to your clients](/support/solutions/articles/155000002999-how-to-resell-ad-manager-to-your-clients)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
