Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. SaaS Configurator: Unlocked Features & Restrictions

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# SaaS Configurator: Unlocked Features & Restrictions

Modified on: Wed, 21 Aug, 2024 at 8:49 PM

The restrictions on features, pricing and trial period in SaaS Configurator have been removed. SaaSpreneurs now have the freedom to run their SaaS business however they decide to.

What has changed?

1\. Unlocked Features

  * The features that used to be locked inside the SaaS Configurator, i.e. could not be disabled in any plans, have now been unlocked.
  * This will allow SaaS businesses to target specific audiences for very specific use cases.

2\. Flexible Pricing

  * The price floor and cap limits have now been removed.
  * Prices can now vary upwards of $1 without any restrictions based on the prices of other plan in the category.

3\. Longer Trial Periods

  * The 30 day limit for setting trial period has now been changed to 365 days.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [How to Upgrade / Downgrade SaaS Plan for a location](/support/solutions/articles/48001207110-how-to-upgrade-downgrade-saas-plan-for-a-location)
  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
