Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. Create invoice templates and automatically send an invoic...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Create invoice templates and automatically send an invoice in a workflow using templates

Modified on: Sat, 21 Oct, 2023 at 4:27 AM

  * Businesses will now be able to create invoice templates. This will enable quick and easy creation of one-time/recurring invoices and will also enable sending invoices in a workflow using the same templates created
  * This needs to be enabled at the sub-account level by heading under Settings -> Labs and turning the toggle on for the feature
  * Users will be able to convert any invoice created into a template using the Convert to Template action and give an appropriate name to it for future references
  * Templates can contain all information related to business information, logo, invoice title, product line items, taxes, discounts, and terms. Customer information will be populated along with the issue date and due date while sending the invoice as per the invoice settings
  * All templates will be listed on the Templates page under the Invoicing section. Quick actions on the templates page will enable the use of the template as a one-time invoice or a recurring invoice
  * Users will be able to modify, rename, or delete the templates at any point in time

**Business users will be able to make use of the same templates to send an invoice in a workflow using the Send Invoice action**  

  * Users will be able to make use of the templates created inside the invoice module to define the invoice details that need to go out to the customer. Turn the feature on in Labs under sub-account settings
  * Business users will be able to configure the action name, select the From User to define the sender details, and choose a template from one of the templates created inside invoices along with the payment mode.
  * The default/custom template configured inside the invoice settings will be used automatically to send the invoice from workflows as well
  * This fulfills a lot of use cases like sending an invoice after an appointment is booked, opportunity status is changed, tag is attached to a contact or any other trigger existing

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Send Invoice](/support/solutions/articles/155000003494-workflow-action-send-invoice)
  * [Create document/contract templates and send them automatically inside a workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000001301-create-document-contract-templates-and-send-them-automatically-inside-a-workflow)
  * [How to create recurring Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/48001219440-how-to-create-recurring-invoices)
  * [Customize Email and SMS notifications for invoicing](/support/solutions/articles/48001236926-customize-email-and-sms-notifications-for-invoicing)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
