Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to Add Product Weights, Dimension, and SKU Informatio...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Add Product Weights, Dimension, and SKU Information in Your Ecom Store

Modified on: Mon, 15 Jul, 2024 at 4:32 PM

Store owners can add more information for their products: Weight, Dimensions, and SKU (Stock Keeping Unit). These fields are essential for future shipping integrations. We have added a new page for variants/ prices, where users can define product weights, dimensions & SKU details, including the ability of tracking inventory for the specific variants.

## **How to use:**

  1. To add these details, store owners can access it from: 

Payments > Products > Create Product > Add Pricing/ Variants > Pricing/ Variant page

.
  2. Initially, users must create a price or variant to access the respective page via the hyperlink in Product name.
  3. A "New" tag will appear for newly added unsaved prices, and the price/ variant page will be available only after saving the changes.
  4. In addition to tracking inventory, users can add product weights, dimensions, and SKUs within the variants or pricing page.

Newly created price:

Pricing page view:

Creating a new price:

Variant Pages:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use the Inventory Management Features for Your Online Store in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000003435-how-to-use-the-inventory-management-features-for-your-online-store-in-highlevel)
  * [How to Sell Your Subscription Based Services & Recurring Products in Your GHL Ecom Store](/support/solutions/articles/155000002833-how-to-sell-your-subscription-based-services-recurring-products-in-your-ghl-ecom-store)
  * [How to Add SEO Descriptions and Keywords to Boost Your Ecommerce Ranking](/support/solutions/articles/155000002910-how-to-add-seo-descriptions-and-keywords-to-boost-your-ecommerce-ranking)
  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
