Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Bulk Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000591)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Bulk Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000591)
  6. Bulk Add and Remove Tags from Contacts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Bulk Add and Remove Tags from Contacts

Modified on: Tue, 16 Jul, 2024 at 1:02 PM

These features provide enhanced control over bulk actions for tags, allowing for more efficient management of contacts. You can easily, add selected tags, remove selected/all tags from selected contacts and restore them when needed. 

This feature is currently live via Labs.

**IN THIS ARTICLE**

    * Feature 1 - Bulk Add Tags
    * Feature 2 - Bulk Remove Tags
    * Feature 3 - Restore Removed Tags

## Feature 1 - Bulk Add Tags to Selected Contacts

You can select multiple contacts and add tags using a bulk action.   
**_How to:  _**

Step 1: Select a few contacts

Step 2: Click on "Add Tag" bulk action

Step 3: Name the action and select which tags should be added to these contacts; then "Add Tags"

Step 4: Check the progress by clicking on the success percentages.

## Feature 2 - Bulk Remove Tags to Selected Contacts

You can select multiple contacts and remove tags using a bulk action.

**_How to:_**

Step 1: Select a few contacts

Step 2: Click on "Remove Tag" bulk action

Step 3: Name the action and select which tags should be removed to these contacts; or option to remove all tags.

Step 4: Click on "Remove Tags"

Step 5: Check the progress by clicking on the success percentages.

## Feature 3 - Restore Removed Tags 

You can now restore removed tags now.

**How to:**

Step 1: Go to Bulk Actions page and click on the kebab menu (3 dots menu) on the right

Step 2: Click on Restore and this will start the restore process

Step 3: The new action would start appearing in the bulk actions page as a new action

# 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Bulk Add and Remove Tags from Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002830-bulk-add-and-remove-tags-from-contacts)
  * [Bulk Send SMS via Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003859-bulk-send-sms-via-contacts)
  * [Importing Contacts and Opportunities via CSV](/support/solutions/articles/155000003905-importing-contacts-and-opportunities-via-csv)

## You may like to read -

  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Bulk Importing Contacts Via CSV Walkthrough](/support/solutions/articles/48000982206-bulk-importing-contacts-via-csv-walkthrough)
  * [Importing Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002517-importing-opportunities)
  * [Workflow Action - Remove Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003266-workflow-action-remove-contact-tag)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
