Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Settings & Preferences](/support/solutions/folders/155000000688)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Settings & Preferences](/support/solutions/folders/155000000688)
  6. Email & In-App Appointment Notifications

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Email & In-App Appointment Notifications

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 11:00 AM

We’ve introduced customizable email notifications for your Calendars! You can now send tailored emails when appointments are booked, canceled, rescheduled, or need reminders or follow-ups. Notifications can be configured for Contacts, Guests, Users, and any additional email addresses you specify. This feature allows you to streamline notifications to suit your business needs, ensuring effective communication with your customers.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Available Notification Options
  * How to Set Up Appointment Notifications
  * Email Appointment Notifications
  * In-App Appointment Notifications
  * Important Notes

* * *

# **Available Notification Options**

You now have the option to set up six different types of appointment notifications. These notifications can be either email notifications and/or in-app notifications.

  1. **Appointment Booked (Unconfirmed Status):** Sent immediately when an appointment is booked with the unconfirmed status.  

  2. **Appointment Booked (Confirmed Status):** Sent immediately when an appointment is booked with the confirmed status confirmed or when an appointment's status is updated to confirmed.  

  3. **Cancellation Email:** Sent when an appointment is canceled, marked as no-show, or deemed invalid.  

  4. **Reschedule Email:** Sent when the appointment date or time is changed.  

  5. **Reminder Email:** Sent before the appointment based on the timing you configure.  

  6. **Follow-Up Email:** Sent after the appointment based on the timing you configure.

* * *

# **How to Set Up Appointment Notifications**

You can manage email notifications at the individual calendar level. Follow these steps to configure your settings.

## **Step 1:  **Navigate to the Notifications Tab

  1. Go to **Calendar > Calendar Settings.**  

  2. Select the calendar you wish to configure.  

  3. Click on the **Notifications** tab.

## **Step 2:  **Customize Your Notifications

You have several options to customize each notification type to give you, your team, and your customers the best experience possible!  

  * **Customize Content** for each receiver type: Contact, Guest, User, or Additional Emails.  

  * **Disable Notifications** for certain receiver types if you do not want them to receive a specific notification

* * *

# **Email Appointment Notifications**

  * You will see a list of all notification types. Click on the one you'd like to configure, then go to the **Email** tab. Ensure the toggle is turned on.  

  * Choose an existing email template or directly customize the subject line and email body. To remove the selected template, click on the first option (**None**) in the email dropdown list.  

  * Optionally, send a test email to see how the notification looks.  

  * For **Reminders** and **Follow-Up Emails** , configure when the email should be triggered:
    * For **Reminders** , set how far in advance the email should be sent before the appointment.  

    * For **Follow-Up Emails** , set how long after the appointment the email should be sent. You can also add multiple trigger timings if needed.  

  * **Save Your Settings** once you’ve configured the email notifications for each type and receiver.

* * *

# **In-App Appointment Notifications**

  * From the list of notification types, Go to the **In-App** tab.  

  * **Choose the Users to Notify**
    * Ensure that the toggle is turned on  

    * Here, you can choose which users should receive the notification.  

  * **Configure Time Triggers for Reminders and Follow-Up Notifications**
    * For **Reminders** and **Follow-Up  **notifications, you can set when the notification should be triggered.
      * **Reminders:** Specify how far in advance the notification should be sent before the appointment.  

      * **Follow-Up:** Specify how long after the appointment the notification should be sent.

* * *

## **Important Notes**

### ** _In-App Notifications:_**

  1. The in-app notification configuration is customisable - for example, you can turn on the confirmation notification for the calendar but keep all other types turned off.  

  2. For **Event Calendars** , the default setting is that account admins will receive the notifications.  

  3. For other calendar types, the **assigned user** will be selected by default to receive notifications.

### **_Email Notifications:_**

  1. **Additional Emails** refers to any extra recipients you want to notify. Simply add their email addresses, and they’ll receive the notifications as well.  

  2. You can create your email templates through the **Email Builder** in **Marketing module > Emails > Templates.**
  3. Ensure you have added a **subject line in your email template** for successful delivery.  

  4. If you have enabled the **Add Guest** function and have included a custom form, you can send that custom form to the guest as well. Enabling this option will send a system-generated email to guests with a link to the custom form once their appointment is confirmed. To prevent duplicate emails, ensure a separate confirmation email is not already set up for guests (verify this in the Notifications tab under **Confirmation Notification**).

**  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Setting Up Linked Calendars & Conflict Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002374-setting-up-linked-calendars-conflict-calendars)
  * [Email & In-App Appointment Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000003441-email-in-app-appointment-notifications)
  * [Calendar Scheduling Conflicts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003548-calendar-scheduling-conflicts)
  * [Assigning a Primary Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000002263-assigning-a-primary-calendar)

## You may like to read -

  * [How To Create Service Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000001159-how-to-create-service-calendars)
  * [Recurring Appointments](/support/solutions/articles/155000003450-recurring-appointments)
  * [Notifications inside Client Portal](/support/solutions/articles/155000001719-notifications-inside-client-portal)
  * [List of all outgoing system generated emails](/support/solutions/articles/48001209235-list-of-all-outgoing-system-generated-emails)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
