Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. How To Use and Rebill Auto-Complete Address

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How To Use and Rebill Auto-Complete Address

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 8:47 AM

    - **Agencies on****Any Plan**** ** ($97, $970, $297, $2970, $497, $4970) can access Auto complete address.  
      
    - For agencies to avoid accruing execution costs for EXISTING Sub-Accounts, rebilling will need to be enabled _**manually**_ for each Sub-Account within the Agency view.  
      
    - If Autocompleted Address is **enabled** on the SaaS Configurator, new Sub-Accounts generated will _automatically_ be enrolled in Auto complete Purchase, _**no further**_ action is required by the agency.

# **Where can I use Auto-complete Address?**

  * #  Go to Sites > Forms/Surveys. In the builder, drag and drop the updated 'Address' element

  * # After adding the 'Address' element, enable the 'Auto-Complete Address' toggle.

  * # User can search and select addresses from the search bar. The selected address will be filled in all the separate address fields.  

# **How to enable  ****Auto-Complete Address****  Purchase at the Account level?**

  * You can enable or disable the Domain Purchase feature or re-bill for each Sub-Account in **Agency Settings > **Autocomplete Address Purchase****. You can access Sub-Account Settings only if **Autocomplete Address Purchase** is enabled at the Agency Level.

        **Please Note:**

    **_Agencies on**Any Plan**_   ($97, $970, $297, $2970, $497, $4970) can access Autocomplete Address.**

* * *

# **Auto complete Address Purchase Pricing**

  * Once Auto complete is enabled, you can drag and drop new address element and turn on autocomplete inside forms and surveys.
  * If autocomplete toggle is on, it is chargeable at the cost of 0.002972 for search request made to google address API and 0.00525 per API call for filling details on address selection.

# **Re-billing the costs to your clients and making a profit**

**(only for 497 SaaS Agencies)**

Once you have enabled Auto complete Address in your agency account, it will be automatically enabled for all your clients to use. You can bill your clients at cost or add markup.

## **How to turn on re-billing for my clients?**

  1. Ensure you have enabled **Auto complete Address** for your Agency first. (see instructions)  

  2. If the sub-account isn't in SaaS Mode already, switch the sub-account into SaaS Mode by going into your **Agency account** > **Accounts tab  **> **Scroll to the sub-account** > Click the **three dots icon** and select "**Switch to SaaS.** "  [How to convert a location to SaaS](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001184920).  

  3. In **Agency account** > **Accounts tab** > Scroll to the **Sub-Account** > Click the **View Details  **link > Scroll to the **Auto Complete Address Purchase** Re-Sell Settings section and toggle it on.  

  4. Use the slider to set the amount of markup you like to make and hit save!  

  5. Rinse and repeat for all your Sub-Accounts where you wish to re-bill for usage.

* * *

# **How does re-billing work?**

  * Agencies pay HighLevel and get invoices with high-level branding
  * Sub-accounts (your clients) pay you (the agency) and get invoices with your branding. The money is deposited in your Stripe account connected to your agency level. [How do I connect my agency's Stripe account to collect client payments?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001171910)

This is very similar to other products that use re-billing or reselling models in the platform. Just like LC Phone or LC Email re-billing, re-billing of the Auto Complete Address also utilises "credits" from the agency wallet & the location wallet, respectively. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to enable and rebill LC Email Validation](/support/solutions/articles/48001235221-how-to-enable-and-rebill-lc-email-validation)
  * [AI Tools in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002166-ai-tools-in-highlevel)
  * [An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know](/support/solutions/articles/48000982604-an-inside-look-at-agency-company-settings-what-you-need-to-know)
  * [How to Enable and Rebill Workflow AI?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000169-how-to-enable-and-rebill-workflow-ai-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
