Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. End IVR call

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# End IVR call

Modified on: Mon, 17 Jun, 2024 at 3:54 PM

### **More Tutorials from the Community**

<https://youtu.be/rGDIYVSOKHY>

In this Article  

  * #### What is End IVR call?

  * #### How does End IVR call work?

  * How to setup end IVR call?

  * FAQs

#   

#### **What is End IVR call?**

End IVR call allows you to terminate the IVR call from your end. 

Presently, workflow owners lack the option to terminate calls from their end. This means that after IVR actions are done, the contact waits with elevator music until the subsequent non-IVR actions finish, and the call ends only at the workflow's conclusion. This leaves contact either listening to endless elevator music till the workflow reaches the end or hanging up themselves.

#### **How does End IVR call work?**

End IVR call action works as a new action in the workflows. Users can choose to end the call with a text message, custom voice message or abruptly.

#### **How to setup end IVR call?**

  1. Select the workflow with IVR action you want to end.
  2. Click the + button after any of the IVR actions - Gather, say/play a message, record etc.
  3. Search for the action "End IVR call"
  4. Choose from a range of custom option - End abruptly(Default), play a text message or add a custom voice along with the number of loops.
  5. Click "Save".

#### **FAQs**

#### **1\. How will this impact the current flow?**

This would enhance the user experience during IVR calling, preventing users from being indefinitely subjected to elevator music. Moreover, it would directly decrease IVR call durations for users once IVR actions are completed giving the workflow owners the optionality to end from their end which was earlier not available.

####   

#### **2\. Is this a premium action?**

No

#### **3\. What custom options are available for End IVR call?**

Users can choose three different custom types :

  1. End abruptly - By default IVR would be terminated instantly without any warning or a message.
  2. Text message - A part of custom settings where users can type a message along with the number of loops before the IVR call is terminated
  3. Custom music - Users can choose to upload a voice message or branded music or any other audio format to be played before the IVR call is terminated along with the loops

#### **4\. What happens to the IVR actions after End IVR call actions?**

#### All IVR actions after End IVR call action would be skipped. 

Note : Non IVR actions in the workflow would continue to happen irrespective.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - IVR End Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000003372-workflow-action-ivr-end-call)
  * [IVR (Triggers and Actions)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001200-ivr-triggers-and-actions-)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Workflow Action - Record Voicemail](/support/solutions/articles/155000003373-workflow-action-record-voicemail)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
