Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/48000455557)
  4. [Campaigns](/support/solutions/folders/155000000860)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/48000455557)
     * [Campaigns](/support/solutions/folders/155000000860)
  6. FAQs for Affiliate Campaigns

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# FAQs for Affiliate Campaigns

Modified on: Tue, 1 Oct, 2024 at 4:13 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Can an affiliate be part of multiple campaigns?
  * My Affiliate Campaign won't publish. What can I do?
  * Where can I find my affiliate Links for each campaign?
  * How can I change the domain used for the Affiliate Referral Links?

* * *

### **Can an affiliate be part of multiple campaigns?**

Yes, an affiliate can be part of multiple campaigns and each campaign will provide a unique affiliate link to the affiliates. Make sure when setting up the products that you don't link the same product across multiple campaigns as this will skew your numbers.

* * *

### **My Affiliate Campaign won't publish. What can I do?**

The green color indicates that the campaign is '**Live** ' and the red color indicates that the campaign is '**Paused** ' (see the image above).

A campaign gets created in a paused state if

  * Stripe is not connected
  * Affiliates are not added

* * *

### **Where can I find my affiliate Links for each campaign?**

Each affiliate is assigned a unique referral link for every campaign they are involved in, ensuring accurate and seamless tracking of their referrals. To view these links:

  1. Go to the **Affiliate** section.
  2. Click on the **affiliate name**.
  3. Scroll down to the **Active Referral Links** tab.

Here, you’ll find a list of all the campaigns the affiliate is part of, along with their corresponding referral link URLs.

* * *

### **How can I change the domain used for the Affiliate Referral Links?**

If no branded domain is added for the account, the affiliate campaign URL will pick the default domain. Users can add their own branded domain in **Settings - > Business Profile -> Branded Domain**. Once added, the new domain will automatically reflect in all affiliate campaign URLs.

Here you can see the default domain being used for the URL

Head over to settings to add your own Branded Domain

Once Added, Affiliate Campaign URLs will update and use the Branded Domain

* * *

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Prerequisite to Launch Your First Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003640-prerequisite-to-launch-your-first-affiliate-campaign)
  * [How to create an Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003641-how-to-create-an-affiliate-campaign)
  * [How to Set Up Multi-Tier Commissions](/support/solutions/articles/155000003642-how-to-set-up-multi-tier-commissions)
  * [How to track leads from an Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003643-how-to-track-leads-from-an-affiliate-campaign)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to track leads from an Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003643-how-to-track-leads-from-an-affiliate-campaign)
  * [How to Set Custom Affiliate Commissions](/support/solutions/articles/155000003652-how-to-set-custom-affiliate-commissions)
  * [How to Navigate the Affiliate Profile Page for Efficient Management](/support/solutions/articles/155000003649-how-to-navigate-the-affiliate-profile-page-for-efficient-management)
  * [How to create an Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003641-how-to-create-an-affiliate-campaign)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
