Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  6. Using video frame as lesson thumbnail

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Using video frame as lesson thumbnail

Modified on: Thu, 4 Jul, 2024 at 5:47 AM

Course creators can now select frames from uploaded videos as lesson and video thumbnails.

* * *

**How to use it?**  
  
**Step 1:  **Upload the video to the desired frame  
**Step 2:  **Pause the video at the preferred frame and click on "Use current frame as thumbnail"

**Step 3:  **After clicking on "Use current frame as thumbnail" the thumbnail will appear on lesson thumbnail

**Step 4:  **Click on save to confirm your thumbnail

After it is saved it will appear as the thumbnail image for both Lesson and Video, like so:

    Note: If you want to change the thumbnail again, you can follow the process from step 1. If you wish to add lesson thumbnail different to a video thumbnail you can upload it manually.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Add Membership Signups To Funnel Pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001143787-add-membership-signups-to-funnel-pages)
  * [Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked & drip content](/support/solutions/articles/155000002174-courses-in-app-notifications-for-comment-unlocked-drip-content)
  * [How do first time users Set Login Password, Request Forgotten Password for their membership portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002847-how-do-first-time-users-set-login-password-request-forgotten-password-for-their-membership-portal-)
  * [How To Build Courses / Membership Sites](/support/solutions/articles/48001141015-how-to-build-courses-membership-sites)

## You may like to read -

  * [Video Element in Email Builder](/support/solutions/articles/48001202776-video-element-in-email-builder)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)
  * [How to add GIFs to your email?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002473-how-to-add-gifs-to-your-email-)
  * [How to use membership themes](/support/solutions/articles/48001207635-how-to-use-membership-themes)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
