Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Smart Lists](/support/solutions/folders/48000666017)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Smart Lists](/support/solutions/folders/48000666017)
  6. How to get customer consent or track legal basis to proce...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to get customer consent or track legal basis to process your lead's or customer's personal data

Modified on: Fri, 25 Aug, 2023 at 2:09 PM

    **Disclaimer :** This is not legal advice. This help article is for informational purposes only. Always consult with your own legal counsel. 

  1. What is personal data?
    1. Any information which are related to an identified or identifiable natural person
  2. Where can personal data be collected?
    1. Funnels & Websites
  3. Pre-requisites
    1. Privacy policy should be displayed during obtaining the personal data
    2. Get your customer's consent to process their personal data or make sure you have a legal basis for doing so.
  4. How to get consent from your customers
    1. Forms & Forms embedded on websites or funnels
    2. Surveys & Surveys embedded on websites or funnels
    3. Webchat
    4. Calendars & calendars embedded in funnels or websites
    5. Order forms embedded in funnels or websites
  5. How can you track your "legal basis" for processing customer's personal data if they have not expressly consented to the processing
    1. Create a tag for it and apply it to such contacts (where it applies) either manually or by means of an automation

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Adding Files To Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48001171922-adding-files-to-contacts)
  * [Allow duplicate contact explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181714-allow-duplicate-contact-explained)
  * [Automatically Merge Facebook Messenger Contacts With Lead Ad Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48001146104-automatically-merge-facebook-messenger-contacts-with-lead-ad-contacts)
  * [Birthdays And How To Sort Contacts By Age](/support/solutions/articles/48001077108-birthdays-and-how-to-sort-contacts-by-age)

## You may like to read -

  * [GDPR Compliance and Data Privacy](/support/solutions/articles/48001210915-gdpr-compliance-and-data-privacy)
  * [How to manage Refunds within the CRM?](/support/solutions/articles/48001238332-how-to-manage-refunds-within-the-crm-)
  * [WhatsApp FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002698-whatsapp-faqs)
  * [How to use the Inbound Webhook Workflow Premium Trigger?](/support/solutions/articles/48001237383-how-to-use-the-inbound-webhook-workflow-premium-trigger-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
