Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  6. How to manage permissions for a dashboard

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to manage permissions for a dashboard

Modified on: Wed, 1 May, 2024 at 8:16 AM

### More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/rzopBrlQfqU>

<https://youtu.be/k9tSU55utGQ>

<https://youtu.be/SSzrf7onAv8>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRC_Sc_WKHs>

### 

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Introduction to Dashboard Permissions
  * Permissions for Different Roles
  * Hierarchy for Roles and Permissions
  * How to Manage and Update Dashboard Permissions
    * Step 1: Setting Up Permissions While Creating a New Dashboard
    * Step 2: For an existing dashboard, click on the 3 dots
    * Step 3: Click on "Manage Permissions"
    * Step 4: Update Permissions
    * Step 5: Save Your Changes
  * What's Next:

# **Introduction to Dashboard Permissions**

Tailor your dashboard experience by setting custom permissions according to your preferences. Whether you prefer privacy or collaborative sharing, our platform allows you to customize permissions seamlessly. 

Dashboards offer the following levels of permissions:

**Level**| **Description**  
---|---  
FULL| Gives the person the ability to create, edit, share, and delete Dashboards  
EDIT| Gives the person the ability to edit a dashboard and the widgets. The person isn't able to delete the dashboard.  
VIEW| Gives the person read-only access to a Dashboard  
ACCESS| Restricts access to the dashboard entirely  

Here are how different actions on dashboards work for different level of permissions

| **FULL**| **EDIT**| **VIEW**| **NO ACCESS**| **PRIVATE DASHBOARD**| **OWNER**  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Manage Permissions| ﻿✅﻿| ﻿❌| ﻿❌| ﻿❌| ﻿❌﻿| ﻿✅﻿  
Delete Dashboard| ﻿✅﻿| ﻿❌| ﻿❌| ﻿❌| ❌﻿| ﻿✅﻿  
Set as Default Dashboard| ﻿✅﻿| ﻿❌| ﻿❌| ﻿❌| ﻿❌﻿| ﻿✅﻿  
Edit Dashboard| ﻿✅﻿| ✅| ﻿❌| ﻿❌| ﻿❌﻿| ﻿✅﻿  
Clone Dashboard| ﻿✅﻿| ✅| ﻿❌| ﻿❌| ﻿❌﻿| ﻿✅﻿  
View Dashboard| ﻿✅﻿|   
✅﻿| ✅| ﻿❌| ﻿❌﻿| ﻿✅﻿  
Duplicate to another Sub-Account (Only Agency Level)| ﻿✅﻿| ✅| ✅| ﻿❌| ﻿❌﻿| ﻿✅﻿  

    **Note:  **  
    - Only Account Admin or Agency Roles with **FULL** access to a Dashboard are eligible to set it as a default dashboards.  
    - Duplicate to another Sub-Account is only accessible to Agency Roles.  

* * *

# **Permissions for Different Roles**

Permissions screen and options changes as per the role of the logged in user

  1. **Agency** : 
    1. Agency Admins will always have FULL access to all dashboards expect Private Dashboards.
    2. Agency can set access and permissions rules for Agency Users, Account Admins and Account Users
  2. **Account** :
    1. Account users can set access only for Account Admins and Account users
    2. Agency Admins and Agency Users will always have FULL access to dashboards created by Account Admins/Users except Private Dashboards.

* * *

# **Hierarchy for Roles and Permissions**

Dashboard Permissions within our platform follow a clear hierarchy to ensure smooth management of access levels:

    **Agency Admins > Agency Users > Account Admins > Account Users**

This hierarchy dictates that permissions for lower-level roles are automatically adjusted based on changes made to higher-level roles, and vice versa.

    **Example:  **  
    Let's consider a scenario where both Account Users and Account Admins have **EDIT** permissions:  
    If the permission for Account Admins is modified to **VIEW** only, the permission for Account Users will also be automatically adjusted to **VIEW**.  

This logic ensures that lower-level roles cannot possess higher access levels compared to higher-level roles, maintaining consistency and security across the platform.

* * *

# **How to Manage and Update Dashboard Permissions**

## **Step 1: Setting Up Permissions While Creating a New Dashboard**

  * Customize permissions during the dashboard creation process. For detailed instructions on creating a new dashboard, refer [here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001531) 

  * By default, new dashboards are set to Private. Click on the toggle to change the permissions for the dashboard  

## **Step 2: For an existing dashboard, click on the 3 dots**

  * Navigate to the dashboard you want to manage. Click on the three dots located at the top right corner of the dashboard. Only Dashboard Owners and Users with FULL permission can manage and update dashboard permissions

## **Step 3: Click on "Manage Permissions"**

  * 

## **Step 4: Update Permissions**

  * Toggle Private Dashboard to keep the dashboard exclusively for yourself. Agency Admins will get FULL access to all non private dashboards.

  * If you want to share the dashboard with other team members and roles, make sure that the Private Dashboard toggle is off

  * Update the permissions as per the requirement

## **Step 5: Save Your Changes**

  * Click on "Save" to apply the updated permissions.

* * *

_Wondering which plan unlocks the customizable multiple Dashboards?_

It's currently available exclusively for the $497 plan and beyond. If you're on the $97 or $297 plan, we recommend leveling up to unlock this feature. 

* * *

# **What's Next:**

  * [How to Edit a dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001536)
  * [How to clone a dashboard (in the same location)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001534)
  * [How to pin dashboards as favourite](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001535)

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Dashboard: Opportunities, Pipeline Value, Conversion Rate, Funnel, Stages Distribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001152117-dashboard-opportunities-pipeline-value-conversion-rate-funnel-stages-distribution)
  * [Dashboard Funnel chart opportunities explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181826-dashboard-funnel-chart-opportunities-explained)
  * [Lead source report explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181830-lead-source-report-explained)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to clone a dashboard (in the same location)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001534-how-to-clone-a-dashboard-in-the-same-location-)
  * [How to create multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001531-how-to-create-multiple-dashboards)
  * [How to Edit a dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001536-how-to-edit-a-dashboard)
  * [How to pin dashboards as favourite](/support/solutions/articles/155000001535-how-to-pin-dashboards-as-favourite)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
