Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. Subscription & Refund trigger for payments

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Subscription & Refund trigger for payments

Modified on: Thu, 11 Apr, 2024 at 1:20 AM

With additional triggers around payments, business users have more control over automations built around lead conversion processes.  
  
Along with the current support for Payment Received, Order Submitted trigger and Invoice trigger, we have added the support for 2 new additional triggers

**1\. Subscription Trigger**

Allows to automate processes around the status changes for subscriptions

  * When a subscription is created for a customer
  * When the subscription moves over from trial to active
  * When a subscription is cancelled

Businesses can also use subscription status filters to create IF conditions based on status changes or the product associated with the subscription and can also make use of the custom values inside Payments custom values.  

#### **2\. Refund Trigger**

Allows automations to be built around payments that are processed as refunds by you or your sales agents. Users will be able to trigger a workflow based on a refund attempt and then branch conditions based on: 

  * Whether the refund was success or failed
  * Whether the refund was for full amount or partial amount
  * OR based on the amount or source of the refund

Refund custom values are also available inside the Payments section in custom values to allow businesses to send customised notifications based on different scenarios

**These triggers work with Stripe, Authorize.net and NMI integrations available under Payments - > Integrations**  
  
**For Paypal, the trigger only works when a subscription is created and not on any further actions. All functionalities will be available soon for PayPal**

#### **Related Articles**

  * [How Subscriptions work with NMI/Authorize.net](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001231144-authorize-net-integration-for-processing-payments)
  * [How Subscriptions work with Stripe](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/overview)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [A List of Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/articles/155000002292-a-list-of-workflow-triggers)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Trigger - Payment Received](/support/solutions/articles/155000003534-trigger-payment-received)
  * [Trigger - Subscription](/support/solutions/articles/155000003536-trigger-subscription)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
