Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Workflow Action - Add Leads under an Affiliate

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Action - Add Leads under an Affiliate

Modified on: Thu, 12 Sep, 2024 at 5:45 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * How to Configure
  * Example

##   

## Overview

The "Add Leads under an Affiliate" action in workflows empowers you to seamlessly add leads under specific affiliate campaigns and affiliates, streamlining the process of lead management and rewarding affiliates. This powerful feature not only simplifies administrative tasks but also enhances the effectiveness of your affiliate marketing strategy, driving better results and higher engagement.

## Action Name

Add Leads under an Affiliate

## Action Description

The Add Leads under an Affiliate action in workflows allows you to add leads under a specific affiliate campaign and affiliate. With this action, you can specify the affiliate campaign and then choose the affiliates within that campaign under whom you want to add the new lead.

## How to Configure

  * Select "Add Leads under an Affiliate" action
  * Select the Campaign - Select the affiliate campaign from the dropdown. Post this the affiliate dropdown will only show the affiliates that are added in the selected campaign.
  * Select the Affiliates

## Example

Scenario: Providing personalised communication to a lead

**Objective** : A commerce company wants to assign leads coming through a form to a specific Affiliate

Workflow Steps:

**Trigger**

  * **Form Submitted -** Add a form submitted trigger and select the specific form

**Action**

  * Add Leads under an Affiliate - Action is added to the workflow. Select the campaign and then the relevant Affiliate from the dropdown.

Outcome:

  * Automatically assign leads to affiliates for targeted nurturing and follow-up. Affiliates can then engage with the leads, providing personalized communication to increase the likelihood of conversion.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [Action - Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/155000002692-action-add-manual-sales-for-an-affiliate)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)
  * [How to Automate Lead Assignment to Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003665-how-to-automate-lead-assignment-to-affiliates)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
