Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Online Listings](/support/solutions/folders/48000682876)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Online Listings](/support/solutions/folders/48000682876)
  6. How to Resell Yext Listings to Your Clients

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Resell Yext Listings to Your Clients

Modified on: Thu, 1 Feb, 2024 at 11:22 PM

In this article, we will discuss how you can resell Yext to your clients.

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Pre-requisites
    * Connect your Agency Stripe Account
  * Picking Your Plan
  * Setting your Sales Price
  * Personalising offers for certain clients
  * Disabling Offers for certain clients
  * How is the experience for your client?
  * How do your clients discover this feature?
  * How do your Clients complete the purchase?
  * How does the billing work?

#### [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001199647?portalId=48000045315#Pre-requisites)

* * *

# **Pre-requisites**

## Connect your Agency Stripe Account

Your agency Stripe account will be used to collect subscription payments for YEXT Listings from your clients. You can connect your agency Stripe account to your agency by following this help article - <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard>

* * *

# Picking Your Plan

You can pick your pricing plans on Agency left menu -> reselling screen

We currently have a standard plan for all users

  1. Pay-as-you-go plan that charges you a monthly subscription of $30 + you can resell it for an amount of your choice

* * *

# Setting your Sales Price

You can set your agency-wide offer by configuring it on Agency left menu -> reselling tab

* * *

## Personalising offers for certain clients

If you wish to offer a different rate to certain clients, you can do so by going to Sub-Account List -> search for a Sub-Account -> Manage Client. You can personalise your cost price for a particular sub-account.

**Please note:**

    The Yext Listings is available for Users in USA, UK, Canada, Australia, Germany, France, and Italy 

* * *

## Disabling Offers for certain clients

If you have certain clients that you do not wish to offer Yext to, you can turn if off from Agency Left Menu -> List of Sub-Accounts -> Search for location -> Manage Client. Here you can toggle off the Offer Yext option for this particular sub-account.

**Please note:**

    This offer can only be disabled before the sale has happened. Once a location already purchases YEXT Listings, you can not disable it from here. 

* * *

# **How is the experience for your client?**

## How do your clients discover this feature?

Your clients can discover your YEXT Listings offer in 3 ways

  1. Top bar notification banner (_This is a one-time notification and once dismissed it disappears forever_).
  2. LaunchPad item
  3. Location left menu -> Reputation -> Listings

* * *

## **How do your Clients complete the purchase?**

Once your clients have discovered the feature, they can proceed to purchase Yext from you by clicking on the "**Activate Yext Listings** " button

When your client clicks the "Pay and Subscribe" button the system will create the subscription, process the payment, and take them to the Yext Listings dashboard.  

* * *

# **How does the billing work?**

When your client purchases Yext it creates 2 subscriptions in the System

  1. Between your client's card & your Stripe Account so you can collect payment from your clients
  2. Between HighLevel & your card so you can pay $30 / month to HighLevel 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc](/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc)
  * [How to Resell Yext Listings to Your Clients](/support/solutions/articles/155000001901-how-to-resell-yext-listings-to-your-clients)
  * [How to deploy Yext directly without charging the client?](/support/solutions/articles/48001210774-how-to-deploy-yext-directly-without-charging-the-client-)
  * [How to sell Yext as part of a SaaS Offer](/support/solutions/articles/48001209150-how-to-sell-yext-as-part-of-a-saas-offer)

## You may like to read -

  * [Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc](/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc)
  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)
  * [Getting started with Yext Lisitings](/support/solutions/articles/48001216623-getting-started-with-yext-lisitings)
  * [How to sell Yext as part of a SaaS Offer](/support/solutions/articles/48001209150-how-to-sell-yext-as-part-of-a-saas-offer)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
