Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Account Snapshots](/support/solutions/48000449593)
  4. [Snapshots](/support/solutions/folders/48000666032)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Account Snapshots](/support/solutions/48000449593)
     * [Snapshots](/support/solutions/folders/48000666032)
  6. How to Easily Replicate Documents and Contracts Setup Acr...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Easily Replicate Documents and Contracts Setup Across Different Accounts

Modified on: Wed, 31 Jul, 2024 at 9:15 PM

Documents and Contracts are now supported in Snapshots! 

Now, agencies can effortlessly save time during onboarding and ensure consistent Document templates across multiple locations.

How It Works:

  * Navigate to Account Snapshots in Agency View.
  * Create a new snapshot and choose the source account.
  * Save the snapshot.
  * Load the snapshot into the desired sub-account
  * Select all the Document Templates you want to load into the desired location

Why it Matters:

  * This feature streamlines the onboarding process for agencies, allowing them to easily replicate Document and Contracts setup across different accounts. With pre-configured document templates, agencies can ensure a consistent user experience and quickly provide basic templates to their clients.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Snapshots - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000982511-snapshots-overview)
  * [Create Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982512-create-snapshots)
  * [How to Share Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982513-how-to-share-snapshots)
  * [Import Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982581-import-snapshots)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Share Documents and Contracts Templates](/support/solutions/articles/155000002658-how-to-share-documents-and-contracts-templates)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)
  * [Zoho to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003316-zoho-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [How to Use Documents and Contracts in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000002733-how-to-use-documents-and-contracts-in-the-mobile-app)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
