Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. Share Email Template across Agencies

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Share Email Template across Agencies

Modified on: Tue, 20 Aug, 2024 at 10:07 AM

This feature allows agency admins to easily share and manage email templates using a simple link. Follow this guide below to learn how to share templates and socialise to build an ecosystem of well performing emails.  

Benefits:

  * Best Practices: Easily share and standardize templates across the agency.
  * Design Editor Access: Work directly with editable templates, no need to download HTML files.

How to Use:

  1. Go to Templates under Email Marketing.
  2. Click the three dots next to a template and select Share.

  3. Set access to anyone within the agency or with the link.

  4. Share the link via email or other channels.
  5. Paste the link in your browser and click Add Template to save the copy of the shared

template

  6. Edit the template name, choose a sub-account, and click Clone template.

You can select upto three location. 

  7. You would be redirected to the Templates section of the first chosen location. The shared template would now be part of the list.

Note: 

Only Agency Admin/ user can share a template. Agency admin, Agency user and Accou

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Steps for Agency A to Share Templates Effectively with Agency B?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001679-steps-for-agency-a-to-share-templates-effectively-with-agency-b-)
  * [How to Share Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982513-how-to-share-snapshots)
  * [How to Share Documents and Contracts Templates](/support/solutions/articles/155000002658-how-to-share-documents-and-contracts-templates)
  * [Why Tracking Code doesn't get copied on copying a page?](/support/solutions/articles/48001165965-why-tracking-code-doesn-t-get-copied-on-copying-a-page-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
