Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. Resend to un-opened : Best Practices and Guide

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Resend to un-opened : Best Practices and Guide

Modified on: Wed, 24 Apr, 2024 at 1:45 AM

### **More Tutorials from the Community**

#### <https://youtu.be/wTO2PEzxAh4>

#### <https://youtu.be/14A8XhxEfjo>

#### <https://youtu.be/hZfAupBmOIM>

#### <https://youtu.be/0iY5LIvSIKE>

Learn the process of re-engaging with customers who missed out on your initial campaign by resending the same content for amplified results.  
Studies show that users often overlook a significant portion of their emails, presenting an opportunity for a second chance to engage them. However, it's important to balance carefully as repeated emails can lead to complaints and unsubscribes. Here's a guide to help you navigate this process effectively.  
  
**The main objective:**

  1. Increase engagement of our campaigns.
  2. Ensure we do not end up with multiple complaints and unsubscribes.

**Things to consider before resending:**

  * **_Timing is crucial:_**  Resend the campaign within a day of the original send time to minimize the risk of unsubscribes and complaints.
  * **_Select emails to resend:_**  Choose impactful emails for resending, as they are less likely to result in negative feedback. It is advisable to use it if you regularly see open rates above 20%
  * _Modify the subject line_ _ _ to catch the recipient's attention and avoid appearing repetitive.
  * _Limit resending to once_ _,_ as multiple attempts may annoy recipients and can lead to damaged sender reputation

**How to resend rmails:**

  1. Navigate to the Email Marketing section.

  2. Select the campaign you want to resend and click on the three dots for options.  

  3. Choose "Resend email to Unopened."  

  4. Specify the schedule time and the subject line for the resent campaign.  

  5. Confirm, and a new campaign with the same content will be scheduled.  

**Note:**

  1. We have set a resend window of 12 hours to 10 days to ensure an optimal balance between maximum engagement and minimum complaints/unsubscribes, following industry standards. It's essential to adhere to this window for best results.

  2. Resend is not available for batch schedule, RSS and A/B Test Campaigns in this release

  3. Rescheduling a resend email is not possible this release, you would have to delete it and schedule the resend again

  4. Currently for SMTP, this feature would not show desired results because of insufficient metrics we are receiving for the logical operation in the backend. We will soon fix this and update. 

Resending campaigns to non-openers can significantly enhance engagement metrics if done correctly. By following these guidelines, you can effectively utilize this strategy while minimizing the risk of negative feedback from our audience.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Understanding Pipelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001982-understanding-pipelines)
  * [Share Email Template across Agencies](/support/solutions/articles/155000002945-share-email-template-across-agencies)
  * [Recommendations and Best Practices for Maintaining a Positive Caller Reputation](/support/solutions/articles/155000002944-recommendations-and-best-practices-for-maintaining-a-positive-caller-reputation)
  * [Chiropractor Snapshot](/support/solutions/articles/48001079554-chiropractor-snapshot)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
