Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. How to Automatically Assign Users to Leads In Workflows

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Automatically Assign Users to Leads In Workflows

Modified on: Fri, 23 Feb, 2024 at 4:36 PM

This article will guide you through setting up a Workflow to assign new contacts to specific users in a round-robin style and then notify those users about their new leads.

## Step 1: Create a New Workflow

  * Go to "Automations" > "Workflows" > click the "Create Workflow" button
  * Select the "Start from Scratch" option

## Step 2: Add a Trigger

  * **Define a trigger** based on your lead source. For simplicity, you can use "contact created" as the trigger. This means the workflow will be activated every time a new contact is created.

## Step 3: Assign Users

  * **Add the Workflow Action  ****"Assign to User"** : This action enables you to assign new contacts to users in a round-robin manner.
  * **Customize Distribution** : Select users from the sub-location to add to the round-robin. For an even distribution, keep the "split traffic" field set to "equally".

## Step 4: Notify Assigned Users

  * **Add the Workflow Action "Internal Notification"** : This action allows you to notify assigned users about new leads that enter the Workflow.
  * **Choose Notification Channel** : Select the notification channel (in-app notifications, SMS, or email) or use multiple channels if required.
  * **Select User Type** : Ensure that under the "user type", you select "assigned user" to ensure notifications are sent only to the assigned user and not to others.

    **Note** : Make sure the Internal Notification Action comes after the assign user action in the workflow. This ensures that notifications are sent to the correct users.

## Step 5: Publish and Save

**Publish the Workflow** : Once you have configured the workflow with the trigger, assign user action, and notification action(s), enable the "Publish" toggle at the top right of the screen and then click "Save" to activate the workflow.

## Conclusion

Congratulations! You have successfully set up a workflow to assign new contacts to users in a round-robin and notify them about new leads. If you have any further questions, feel free to reach out for assistance.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Action - Add Leads under an Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/155000002691-action-add-leads-under-an-affiliate)
  * [Facebook Lead Ad Integration & Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48000987779-facebook-lead-ad-integration-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to Automate Lead Assignment to Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003665-how-to-automate-lead-assignment-to-affiliates)
  * [Why Use Affiliate Automations?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003662-why-use-affiliate-automations-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
