Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Client Portal](/support/solutions/155000000004)
  4. [Client Portal](/support/solutions/folders/155000000015)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Client Portal](/support/solutions/155000000004)
     * [Client Portal](/support/solutions/folders/155000000015)
  6. Quick Start Guide - Kollab (iOS & Android)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Quick Start Guide - Kollab (iOS & Android)

Modified on: Thu, 6 Jun, 2024 at 1:47 PM

### **More Tutorials from the Community**

<https://youtu.be/m4D-p26D5ac>

This step-by-step guide will walk you through everything from downloading and setting up the app to exploring its many features, ensuring you're ready to fully enjoy all that Kollab has to offer.

* * *

## **1\. Get the App:**

For **iPhone** users, go to the Apple App Store and search for **Kollab by LeadConnector** , and tap "Download." or [](https://apps.apple.com/in/app/kollab-by-lead-connector/id6484272411)[Click Here to Download](https://apps.apple.com/in/app/kollab-by-lead-connector/id6484272411)

For **Android**  users, go to the Google Play Store  search for **Kollab by LeadConnector** , and tap "Download." or [Click Here to Download](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.clientclub.app.kollab)

##   

## **2\. How to Sign-in to the app:**

  * Make sure you are signed up with a Community group, Course or Client Portal.
  * Use the same credentials to sign-in i.e. same email ID and password.
  * If you have forgotten your password, **Sign in with OTP**
  * If you are a part of multiple domains, you'll receive the option to choose which domain to enter into (scroll to choose relevant domain). Choose the one to sign-in.

**Once you are signed-in, enjoy your courses, groups all on the go!****  
**

## **FAQs:**

  1. How to switch between different groups?  
Members can switch between different groups if the groups are set up inside the same sub-account.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How can my customers use the Client Portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000197-how-can-my-customers-use-the-client-portal-)
  * [How to set up the Client Portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000193-how-to-set-up-the-client-portal-)
  * [Client Portal Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001205-client-portal-dashboard)
  * [Client Portal - Single Sign On (SSO) and Magic Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000001667-client-portal-single-sign-on-sso-and-magic-links)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use the Business Card Scanner in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003049-how-to-use-the-business-card-scanner-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [How to Use Service Calendars in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003048-how-to-use-service-calendars-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [Setting Up SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/articles/48001059689-setting-up-smtp-providers)
  * [Media Library Specs & Formats](/support/solutions/articles/48001216629-media-library-specs-formats)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
