Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  6. Paid Groups

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Paid Groups

Modified on: Tue, 19 Mar, 2024 at 2:42 PM

The new feature inside Communities, Paid Groups, introduces the capability to monetize both Public and Private Communities on the platform. Admins and owners can now charge their users to access the content and features of the Community group. 

**In This Article**

  * Private and Public Groups
  * One-Time Payment
  * Recurring Subscription
  * Group Access
  * Notifications
  * Cancellations and Refunds  

* * *

## Private and Public Groups

From the "Settings" button within a Community, admins and owners can choose whether they want to set up their group as Public / Private.

## One-Time Payment

One-time payment type will give members an unlimited access of the group after the payment and once they have group access. To set up one-time payment follow the below steps:

  * Log into the Community
  * Go to "Settings" > "Subscriptions"
  * Click on "Add new price": Specify the __Amount__ , __Type__ as one-time
  * Click "Add" and then "Save" to create the paid group with One-time Payment
    *  _Note_ : to test a payment, turn on the __Test Mode__
  * Once saved, the group description will reflect the same information to members who want to join

## Recurring Subscription

Recurring subscription type will give members a limited access of the group after the payment and once they have group access. To set up the recurring subscription, follow the below steps:

  * Log into the Community
  * Go to "Settings" > "Subscriptions"
  * Click on "Add new price": Specify the __Amount__ , __Type__ as Recurring, __Trial Days_  _(if any), __Billing Period__ as Monthly or Annually
  * Click "Add" and then "Save" to create the paid group with Recurring Subscription
  * Additionally, to test a payment, turn on the __Test Mode__
  * Once saved, the group description will reflect the same information to members who want to join

## Group Access

To grant access after receiving the payment:  

  * Once the payment is made, admins and owners need to follow the same process of providing access to members for Private Groups (Go to People Tab > Click on the Filter > Requested > Accept or Deny Membership)
  * For Public Groups, once the payment is made the user signs up and becomes a member right after

## Notifications

  * All admins and owners receive email notification about the payment made by a user with all the details, to join the group and subsequently to request membership (as per group type)
  * Similarly, the users also receive a payment confirmation with all the details about their payment 
  * Once their membership is approved by admin or owner. They are further notified about their membership and access of the group  

## Cancellations and Refunds

  * **What happens when a member cancels their subscription from the GHL Payments screen?**  
  
When a user cancels their subscription from the GHL Payments screen, several actions are initiated:  
\- The user will receive a cancellation confirmation email.  
\- Admins and Owners of the group associated with the subscription will receive a cancellation received email.  
\- The user will be automatically removed from the group.  

  * **What happens when a members cancels their subscription from the Stripe screen?**  
  
When a user cancels their subscription from the Stripe screen, several actions are initiated:  
\- The user will receive a cancellation confirmation email.  
\- Admins and Owners of the group associated with the subscription will receive a cancellation received email.  
\- The user will be automatically removed from the group.

  * **How can members get refund for their payments  
**  
Members can get their refunds from both Stripe or GHL Payment  

    1. **From GHL  
** Refunds can be issued by going to "Payments" > "Transactions" > click the "three dots" icon on the right side of a transaction line item > click "Refund"
    2.   

    3. **From Stripe**  
Refunds can also be issued from Stripe via the contact details screen

  * **If a user's contact card is deleted and later restored, will the user need to make the payment again?**  
  
As of the current system functionality, when a user's contact card is accidentally deleted and then restored, the user should be reinstated in the Group without being required to make the payment again.

  * **What are the minimum and maximum charge amounts for different currencies?**  
  
For minimum and maximum charges, refer to <https://stripe.com/docs/currencies>  

[  
](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies)
    1. **  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to make your Groups private/ public in Communities?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000735-how-to-make-your-groups-private-public-in-communities-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use Affiliate Portal](/support/solutions/articles/48001202637-how-to-use-affiliate-portal)
  * [How to make your Groups private/ public in Communities?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000735-how-to-make-your-groups-private-public-in-communities-)
  * [Give community groups access via Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003383-give-community-groups-access-via-contacts)
  * [How to Set Up Flexible Payment Plans in Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/155000002911-how-to-set-up-flexible-payment-plans-in-invoices)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
