Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [App Marketplace](/support/solutions/155000000049)
  4. [View, Install & Uninstallation Apps](/support/solutions/folders/155000000161)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [App Marketplace](/support/solutions/155000000049)
     * [View, Install & Uninstallation Apps](/support/solutions/folders/155000000161)
  6. One-Time Pricing Model in the App Marketplace

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# One-Time Pricing Model in the App Marketplace

Modified on: Tue, 1 Oct, 2024 at 8:24 PM

We are excited to announce the release of a new pricing model in the App Marketplace - One-time pricing model.

## **Why is this feature important?**

In Q3, we are launching multiple asset-heavy modules in the marketplace - Snapshots and Widgets. These modules, once installed, cannot be reversed. Hence, a one-time pricing model is necessary for the success of Snapshots and Widgets modules on the App Marketplace. 

## **What is new?**

  * Developers can configure one-time pricing plans while creating apps.
  * For apps of Agency & Sub-account distribution-type, in which agencies can bulk-install across their sub-accounts, developers can configure different pricing for agency and per sub-account.
  * New filters on pricing have been added to enable app discovery based on pricing models
  * Users can install apps paying a one-time fees

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Agency-Level Marketplace Apps Installation](/support/solutions/articles/155000001057-agency-level-marketplace-apps-installation)
  * [Managing Marketplace App Permissions: White Label Agency Control](/support/solutions/articles/155000001163-managing-marketplace-app-permissions-white-label-agency-control)
  * [How to resell Marketplace Apps](/support/solutions/articles/155000001220-how-to-resell-marketplace-apps)
  * [White Label Payment Provider Solution for NMI & Authorize.net](/support/solutions/articles/155000002747-white-label-payment-provider-solution-for-nmi-authorize-net)

## You may like to read -

  * [Set Up Your App Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000001217-set-up-your-app-pricing)
  * [How to resell Marketplace Apps](/support/solutions/articles/155000001220-how-to-resell-marketplace-apps)
  * [Changing your app pricing plan in the App Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000003967-changing-your-app-pricing-plan-in-the-app-marketplace)
  * [White Label the Android App](/support/solutions/articles/48000982209-white-label-the-android-app)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
