Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
  4. [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
     * [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  6. Integrishield & Affiliate Content Compliance

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Integrishield & Affiliate Content Compliance

Modified on: Thu, 11 Jul, 2024 at 10:48 AM

To make compliance as easy as possible, Highlevel has partnered with a compliance software called Integrishield that will automatically check your content for compliance with HighLevel’s Affiliate Agreement and Code of Conduct. This partnership will not only help you create better content, but it will also support the continued growth of our ethical and legally compliant affiliate community, and we’re super excited about it!

If you receive an email from highlevel@integrishield.com or legalcompliance@gohgihelvel.com regarding some of your content, you’ll need to make required modifications to the content within 5 business days. If you have questions or believe your content was falsely flagged by Integrishield, please respond directly to this email as soon as possible so that we can help you get it figured out. (Quick Tip: be sure to add highlevel@integrishield.com and legalcompliance@gohighlevel.com to your contacts list so you don’t miss any critical notifications!)

Here are some specifics that may cause your content to be flagged:

  * Lacking a clear and conspicuous disclosure of a partnership with HighLevel
  * Discounts, promos, coupons, etc. that are not authorized by HighLevel
  * Inflammatory language
  * Competitor comparisons
  * Unapproved trademarks
  * Unapproved claims of the software’s performance

Please note that if you ignore any of these warnings, you may become ineligible to continue receiving commission per the [HighLevel Affiliate Policy](https://www.gohighlevel.com/affiliate-policy). We want to make absolutely sure this doesn’t happen, so if you have any questions, please reach out to your [Affiliate Manager](https://speakwith.us/affiliate) immediately! We’re always here to help. Also, be sure to check out the [Affiliate Marketing Toolkit](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-_MRqE4w8SYsf_ItaWvqP2gOUbn05YL7) for more information on the Do’s and Don’ts of promoting HighLevel.

Interested in seeing how one of HighLevel’s top affiliates goes above and beyond to prioritize compliance and still sees conversions? Watch this [HighLevel Affiliate Insider](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BdyvJABhYI) episode with Anik Singal! 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

## You may like to read -

  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [How to Set Up and Pay Affiliates for Generating Leads](/support/solutions/articles/155000003644-how-to-set-up-and-pay-affiliates-for-generating-leads)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
