Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How to add google fonts in email templates and campaigns?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to add google fonts in email templates and campaigns?

Modified on: Wed, 22 May, 2024 at 4:44 AM

Ensure consistency with your websites' typography by adding Google fonts to your emails. This option provides better design options to elevate your emails.  
  
**Things to know before you start adding google fonts to your email.**  

Using Google Fonts can help make sure that your emails look like they belong with your website or online store. But not all devices and email services will show these fonts the same way.

Here are some email services where Google Fonts might not work well:

  * Gmail on the web, iPhone, Android, and the web browser version
  * Outlook on Macs, iPhones, Android phones, and Outlook.com
  * Yahoo Mail  

**How to Use It:******  

  * Navigate to the email builder section of our platform.
  * Open an existing email campaign or template, or start a new one.
  * Select a text element within your design.
  * Choose the font selector option.  

  * Click on **"Add fonts."**  
********
  * Select the desired font from the drop down in the modal
  * Select the desired font and save it by clicking on "**Add font** ".  

  * The font will now be available in the font selector for every builder.  

  * Additionally, the font can be managed from the settings page  
To delete a font, simply click on "Delete" from settings.  

  * To add a font from settings, click on the "Add font" section and follow same process.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Using custom fonts in the Email Builder](/support/solutions/articles/48001203783-using-custom-fonts-in-the-email-builder)
  * [How to use Brand Boards in emails?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003137-how-to-use-brand-boards-in-emails-)
  * [How to analyze workflow campaigns?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003902-how-to-analyze-workflow-campaigns-)
  * [Troubleshooting Email statistics](/support/solutions/articles/48001208601-troubleshooting-email-statistics)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
