Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Create and Send Estimates Using in HighLevel

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Create and Send Estimates Using in HighLevel

Modified on: Tue, 1 Oct, 2024 at 9:04 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What's New? 
  * How to Use?
    * Access Estimates
    * Create an Estimate:
    * Users/sender can accept/reject this estimate
    * Convert to Invoice
    * Track
    * Others
  * Why We Built It? 

## **What's New?  **

  * We are thrilled to announce the launch of our new Estimates feature!
  * This addition allows you to create estimates and share them with clients before sending the final invoice.

  * The clients can simply 

accept/reject

 this estimate
  * You can directly 

convert this estimate into an invoice

 and then send it with ease.

## **How to Use?**

### **Access Estimates**

  * Go to a Sub-account -> Select Payments
  * Click on Invoices and Estimates -> Select Estimates

### **Create an Estimate:**

  * To create an Estimate: Click on 'New' button and enter the details such as business information, customer information, Estimate number, Expiry

  * Add products to the estimate and click on send
  * Send to Client: Review the estimate and send it directly to your client 

via email or SMS.

### **Users/sender can accept/reject this estimate**

  * Users can click on accept and this estimate will be marked as accepted

  * Users can click on reject, add notes and this estimate will be marked as rejected

  * Users can click on Mark as accepted/rejected if user has already confirmed on phone

### **Convert to Invoice**

  * Click on sent invoice item

  * Convert to Invoice: Once your client approves the estimate, you can easily convert it into an invoice by selecting

 create an invoice from the dashboard or opening the accepted estimate and then clicking on create an invoice.

### **Track**

  * Keep a track of all the estimates that are in different stages: Draft, Sent, Accepted, Declined, Invoiced
  * Keep a track of value of estimates that are in pipeline from the cards on top of the dashboard
  * Keeptrack of notes added by users on the dashboard and within the estimate builder

### **Others**

  * Customize: Customize the estimate by adding your company’s branding, terms and adjusting in settings.

## **Why We Built It?  **

The Estimates feature was built to complete the payment suite for all your business needs!

  1. Create an estimate
  2. Get a Document Signed
  3. Send an invoice

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)
  * [Trigger - Inbound Webhook](/support/solutions/articles/155000003147-trigger-inbound-webhook)
  * [Trigger - Estimates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003704-trigger-estimates)
  * [Using SendGrid As The SMTP Provider](/support/solutions/articles/48001166110-using-sendgrid-as-the-smtp-provider)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
