Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  6. How to make agency subscription payments with 3DS cards?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to make agency subscription payments with 3DS cards?

Modified on: Fri, 12 Jan, 2024 at 6:24 AM

Agency subscriptions fail to automatically renew when 3DS cards are added to the account, as 3DS cards require authentication by the card holder in order for the payment to be successfully processed. This article outlines how you can reactivate your subscription after the automatic payment attempt has failed.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Step 1: Click on 'Reactivate Account' on the lockout screen

  * Step 2: Go to Agency Settings > Billing > Payments

  * Step 3: Under the 'Payments History' section, identify the most recent failed invoice for your subscription, and hit 'Retry'

  * Step 4: The 3DS pop-up will open with your bank's website. Please follow the instructions there to authorize the payment

* * *

### **Step 1: Click on 'Reactivate Account' on the lockout screen**

  * You will be logged in to your account. This is temporary access though, since your payment is still pending and needs to be authorized by you in the following steps.

### **Step 2: Go to Agency Settings > Billing > Payments**

****  

### **Step 3: Under the 'Payments History' section, identify the most recent failed invoice for your subscription, and hit 'Retry'**

****

### **Step 4: The 3DS pop-up will open with your bank's website. Please follow the instructions there to authorize the payment.**

#  Congratulations! Your HighLevel account will be reactivated upon successful precessing of the payment.

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know](/support/solutions/articles/48000982604-an-inside-look-at-agency-company-settings-what-you-need-to-know)
  * [How to Configure Brand System-Generated Links (API Domain)](/support/solutions/articles/48001143244-how-to-configure-brand-system-generated-links-api-domain-)
  * [How To Upgrade To The HighLevel Pro Plan](/support/solutions/articles/48001180534-how-to-upgrade-to-the-highlevel-pro-plan)
  * [How to Delete a Sub-Account/Locations](/support/solutions/articles/48001184862-how-to-delete-a-sub-account-locations)

## You may like to read -

  * [SaaS Mode FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002129-saas-mode-faqs)
  * [How to set up the NMI integration?](/support/solutions/articles/48001235741-how-to-set-up-the-nmi-integration-)
  * [Pause / Resume Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001230403-pause-resume-sub-accounts)
  * [How to resell WordPress to your clients](/support/solutions/articles/48001199647-how-to-resell-wordpress-to-your-clients)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
