Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  6. How to Enable Call Transcriptions for Recorded Calls

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Enable Call Transcriptions for Recorded Calls

Modified on: Thu, 18 Jul, 2024 at 7:17 PM

Introducing call transcriptions for recorded calls. With call transcriptions, users can now maintain accurate records of all conversations, aiding in documentation and compliance requirements.

  1. Automatic Transcriptions:

 Transcriptions will be automatically generated for all outbound and inbound recorded calls, saving you time and effort
  2. Easy Activation:

 Location/Agency administrators can enable call transcription conveniently under advanced settings in the voice calls tab, streamlining the setup process.
  3. Enhanced Visibility: 

Transcriptions will be seamlessly integrated into the conversation page, providing easy access and reference to call content.

How will this help?

  1. Efficient Documentation:

 With automatic transcriptions, you can maintain accurate records of all conversations without manual effort, improving documentation and compliance.
  2. Convenient Review:

 Easily review call content without the need to listen to entire recordings, enhancing accessibility and efficiency.

How It Works:

  1. Navigate to the Settings > Phone Numbers
  2. Go to Advanced Settings > Voice Calls
  3. Enable Call Transcription

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How do I migrate my agency and sub-account over to LC Phone?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204027-how-do-i-migrate-my-agency-and-sub-account-over-to-lc-phone-)
  * [Why is your account suspended](/support/solutions/articles/48001207676-why-is-your-account-suspended)
  * [Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001213216-regulatory-bundle-and-address-creation-for-sub-accounts)
  * [What is LC - Phone System?](/support/solutions/articles/48001223546-what-is-lc-phone-system-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)
  * [Calls Not Recording](/support/solutions/articles/48001076526-calls-not-recording)
  * [IVR - Start IVR Trigger](/support/solutions/articles/155000003203-ivr-start-ivr-trigger)
  * [How To Setup Automatic Calls and Voicemail Drops](/support/solutions/articles/48000981430-how-to-setup-automatic-calls-and-voicemail-drops)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
