Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Set Up Automatic Taxes for Fast Payment Links

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Set Up Automatic Taxes for Fast Payment Links

Modified on: Wed, 14 Aug, 2024 at 10:48 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What’s New?
  * Note
  * How to Use it

Business user's can now have automatic taxes applied while checkout at Payment Links for end customers in USA

## **What’s New?**

  * Business users now have the capability to configure and apply automatic taxes on Payment Links
  * If configured in the Settings inside Payments -> Taxes, at the time of checkout automatic taxes would be applied on product
  * Automatic taxes would be applied to subsequent transactions also for recurring products
  * The payment link must capture customer address in order for automatic taxes to reflect.
  * The scope of this feature in Payment Links covers both -one time products, recurring products

## **Note**

  * Automatic taxes are available only for customers entering in valid US Address.
  * Automatic Taxes would also be applied to recurring products bought via Payment Links.
  * Feature would be usable across already created payment links also !

## **How to Use it**

  * Go to Payments -> Settings - > Taxes!
  * Enable Automatic Taxes -> Enter in all the details reauired
  * Go to any live Payment Link via preview or Copy Link Option -> Enter in US Address details and voila automatic taxes would be applied !

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Set Up Automatic Tax Calculations in Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/155000003107-how-to-set-up-automatic-tax-calculations-in-invoices)
  * [How to Automatically Calculate Sales Tax Based on Location](/support/solutions/articles/155000003066-how-to-automatically-calculate-sales-tax-based-on-location)
  * [How-to add Taxes Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001224104-how-to-add-taxes-overview)
  * [Help Guide: Redirection links in Countdown Timer](/support/solutions/articles/155000003532-help-guide-redirection-links-in-countdown-timer)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
