Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000574)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000574)
  6. iCloud Integration with Highlevel

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# iCloud Integration with Highlevel

Modified on: Thu, 27 Jun, 2024 at 1:49 AM

**In this Article**

    * Overview
    * Data Flow: Highlevel to iCloud
    * Data Flow: iCloud to Highlevel
    * More Tutorials From the Community

**Related Article**

  * **[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001477)**[[NEW] How to Connect Your iCloud Calendar?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002370)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001477)**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001477)**

##   

### **Overview**

Before diving into the details of iCloud integration, it's essential to note a few key points:

  * The iCloud Calendar integration is specifically designed for Round Robin, Collective, Class Booking, and Service Calendar.
  * Two-way event syncs are possible with iCloud integration: events created in Highlevel can sync to iCloud, and events created in iCloud can sync to Highlevel.

    iCloud Integration is not supported for Simple Calendars

* * *

### **Data Flow: Highlevel to iCloud**

When events are created in Highlevel and synced to iCloud:

  * Any changes made in Highlevel will be reflected in the connected iCloud calendar for the user.
  * Any changes made in iCloud calendar will be reflected in the Highlevel calendar **(excluding event deletions)**.

This ensures that events created or modified in the GHL app are seamlessly pushed to your iCloud calendar, and vice versa.

    If an event is deleted in iCloud calendar then it is not updated on the Highlevel Calendar. This is a limitation with iCloud Integration.
    
    Blocked off slot created in GHL calendar will not sync to iCloud

### **Data Flow: iCloud to Highlevel**

When events are created in iCloud and pushed to Highlevel:

  * Any changes made in iCloud calendar will be reflected in the GHL calendar 
  * Any changes made in GHL calendar will be reflected in iCloud.

For example, if you create an appointment in iCloud, such as "Pick John from school," it will also be synced and shown in the GHL calendar, and any subsequent changes made in iCloud will be mirrored in the GHL Calendar application.

    **Important Information specifically for iCloud Integration**
    
    Contact creation from iCloud events to GHL is not supported. Which also means that all the events coming in from iCloud would be treated as **Blocked Slots** and not appointments.
    
    If a Blocked Slot is created in the GHL calendar for a user, that would not sync to the iCloud Calendar
    
    Integration with a subscription calendar is not possible. This means that Highlevel cannot connect to iCloud calendars that you have subscribed to via URL (usually public calendars).

* * *

### **More Tutorials From the Community**

  * [](https://youtu.be/8sWGKG_Mwtc)[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sWGKG_Mwtc&feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sWGKG_Mwtc&feature=youtu.be)
  * <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKb_biP-8TA>

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Calendly - How to Integrate Calendly with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002373-calendly-how-to-integrate-calendly-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Google - How to Integrate Google with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002369-google-how-to-integrate-google-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Hide Third-Party Calendar Details](/support/solutions/articles/155000003545-hide-third-party-calendar-details)
  * [How to connect iCloud with Highlevel?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001477-how-to-connect-icloud-with-highlevel-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to connect iCloud with Highlevel?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001477-how-to-connect-icloud-with-highlevel-)
  * [iCloud - How to Integrate iCloud with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002370-icloud-how-to-integrate-icloud-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Microsoft Outlook - How to Integrate Outlook with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002371-microsoft-outlook-how-to-integrate-outlook-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Calendly - How to Integrate Calendly with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002373-calendly-how-to-integrate-calendly-with-highlevel-calendars)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
