Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000574)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000574)
  6. Google - How to Integrate Google with HighLevel Calendars

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Google - How to Integrate Google with HighLevel Calendars

Modified on: Mon, 29 Jul, 2024 at 1:50 PM

**In This Article**

  * Overview
  * Prerequisites
  * Getting Started
  * Step 1: How to Connect Google Calendar?
  * Step 2: Calendar Configuration
  * What is Calendar Configuration?
  * FAQs
  * Related Articles

* * *

### **Overview**

###   

Connecting your Google Calendar helps you sync your bookings from Google Calendar to the system and vice versa. This ensures correct availability, prevents double bookings, and facilitates seamless scheduling and booking management.

* * *

### **Prerequisites**

  1. You need access to your Gmail account associated with the Google Calendar you want to connect.
  2. Check if writer's access is required:
     * If you want to add events created in the system to your Google Calendar, writer's access is necessary for the calendar.
     * If you simply want to fetch all your events from your Google Calendar to the system, read-only access will suffice.

* * *

### **Getting Started**

### **Step 1: How to Connect Google Calendar?**

1\. Go to your account settings, then select 'Integrations.'

2\. Click on 'Sign in with Google.'

3\. Complete the authentication process by choosing your account and granting access to your Google account.

4\. You can add multiple Google accounts by clicking on 'Sign in with Google' on the integrations page.

5\. To disconnect an account, click on the 'Connected' button and confirm deletion.

###   

### **Step 2: Calendar Configuration**

Once your Google account is successfully connected, you need to complete your calendar configuration by selecting your linked calendar and conflict calendar. Head to Calendars > Calendar Settings > Connections.

### **What is Calendar Configuration?**

Calendar configuration involves two settings: Linked Calendar & Conflict Calendar.

**Linked Calendar:**

All new events created in the system will be added to your linked calendar. For example, any new event created in the system will sync to your linked calendar, allowing you to view it directly on this third-party calendar (e.g., Google).

**_Note:  _**

  * Writer's access is required for the user to select a calendar as a linked calendar. 
  * The linked calendar is by default added to the conflict calendar. This means any event created on the third-party linked calendar will be fetched in the system, and any event created in the system will be pushed to the third-party linked calendar. 
  * You can set your [Sync Preferences](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002374--new-calendar-configuration-linked-calendar-conflicts-calendar) from the Advanced Settings.

**Conflict Calendar:**

Events from third-party calendars added as conflict calendars are synced to the system, blocking your availability for the event's duration. 

The availability is blocked only if the event is marked as 'BUSY' in the third party calendar. For events marked as 'FREE', the events are fetched in the system but the availability remains open. 

This ensures accurate availability and avoids double bookings. You can add multiple calendars to be checked to prevent double bookings. 

###   

* * *

### **FAQs**

Q: How do I integrate Google Meet?

A: Connecting your Google Calendar by default integrates Google Meet, so no additional steps are required.

* * *

### **Related Articles**

**[[NEW] Calendar Configuration - Linked Calendar& Conflicts Calendar](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002374)**

**[[NEW] How to Connect Your Outlook Calendar?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002371)**

**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002369)[[NEW] How to Connect Your iCloud Calendar?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002370)**

**[[NEW] How to Connect Zoom?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002372)**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Calendly - How to Integrate Calendly with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002373-calendly-how-to-integrate-calendly-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Google - How to Integrate Google with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002369-google-how-to-integrate-google-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Hide Third-Party Calendar Details](/support/solutions/articles/155000003545-hide-third-party-calendar-details)
  * [How to connect iCloud with Highlevel?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001477-how-to-connect-icloud-with-highlevel-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Re-Integrate Google Calendar for a User](/support/solutions/articles/48001181302-how-to-re-integrate-google-calendar-for-a-user)
  * [Microsoft Outlook - How to Integrate Outlook with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002371-microsoft-outlook-how-to-integrate-outlook-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [How to sync HighLevel Calendars With Outlook](/support/solutions/articles/48001188796-how-to-sync-highlevel-calendars-with-outlook)
  * [Calendly - How to Integrate Calendly with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002373-calendly-how-to-integrate-calendly-with-highlevel-calendars)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
