Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Use Partial Payment for Invoices

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use Partial Payment for Invoices

Modified on: Thu, 6 Jun, 2024 at 7:24 PM

### More Tutorials from the Community

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFSqKgxke88>

<https://youtu.be/LKgoPzDZgM0>

<https://youtu.be/nWvxS5gKKgw>

<https://youtu.be/Ai-pR0TCHHY>

What's New?

  * Previously, End Users or Customers could only accept full payments through the Invoices, there was no provision of partial payment for the end customer. With this new feature, Business Users can now set a minimum percentage of the total Invoice Amount to be collected from the end customer.

  * The customer can pay any amount that is equal to or greater than the percentage amount specified from the Invoicing Dashboard of the subaccount .

  * Feature available for both one-time and recurring invoices.

Why This Feature?

  * This feature empowers business owners with more control over the payment plans for their customers as well as helps them to capture more payments from their potential clients/customers.

Note:

  * For recurring invoices the partial payment as a feature is available for invoices that have autopayment disabled. In case of autopayment enabled and customer card it will have the option for partial payment for the first invoice but for the subsequent one's it would autodraft the full amount.

Summary

  * This feature introduces partial payments for end customers by allowing businesses to set minimum percentages for invoice payments, empowering them with greater flexibility and control over payment plans, ultimately enhancing client payment capture rates.

How to Use?

  * Ensure that a payment gateway (Stripe / [Authorize.net](http://authorize.net/) / NMI) is integrated.
  * Go to Payments -> Invoices -> Invoices Settings.
  * From this page menu click on Payment Settings and enable the Partial Payments Toggle
  * Add a percentage in the input field (Percentage is calculated based on the total amount of the invoice amount to be paid).
  * Click on "Save." and Voila you now have Partial Payments Enabled !

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [Partial Payment: Collect Deposit Amount](/support/solutions/articles/155000002184-partial-payment-collect-deposit-amount)
  * [How to Set Up Flexible Payment Plans in Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/155000002911-how-to-set-up-flexible-payment-plans-in-invoices)
  * [How to Use Invoices in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003058-how-to-use-invoices-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [How to manage Refunds within the CRM?](/support/solutions/articles/48001238332-how-to-manage-refunds-within-the-crm-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
