Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Facebook & Instagram comment automation FAQs

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Facebook & Instagram comment automation FAQs

Modified on: Mon, 22 Apr, 2024 at 1:07 AM

**Q: I am not able to select the Facebook & Instagram actions and triggers in the workflow?**

Ans - Check is you have integrated your Facebook account or not. To integrate your account go to the "Integrations" tab in Settings.

**Q: Why do all the filter options disappear when I delete "Page is" in the trigger?**

Ans - "Page is" is the primary filter for the Interactive Messenger action. Deleting it removes all dependent filters.

**Q: How many buttons can I add in the Interactive Messenger action?**

Ans - You can add up to 3 buttons to provide different choices for users within the interactive message.

**Q: Can I add actions after the "Call" button?**

**Ans -** No. The "Call" button acts as the final action, and users who click it will be directed to the Default Branch.

**Q: When can I use the "Reply to DM" option?**

**Ans -  **Use "Reply to DM" in two scenarios:

  * **Initiating a conversation:** Respond privately to users who send you a direct message (DM).
  * **Continuing a conversation:** Send follow-up messages after an initial "Reply to comment via DM" (DM).

**Q: Does "Reply to DM" always work?**

**Ans -** The system checks for an existing conversation within the last 24 hours before sending a Reply to DM. If no recent conversation exists, the message delivery will fail.

**Q: How long do I have to reply to a comment?**

**Ans -** A 7-day window applies to Comment Replies. You must send the reply via DM within 7 days, or delivery will fail.

**Q: Can I continue the conversation if the user has not replied to my DM which was a reply to the comment?**

**Ans -** If the user has not replied then they will move to the "Default Branch" and because there is no reply you can't use another Interactive Messenger action to continue the conversation. If the user has replied then you can use the action to continue the conversation.

**Q: I want to send a Reply to DM to a user comment but it is not working**?

**Ans -** To send a comment reply via DM make sure that "Reply Type" is selected as "Reply to comment via DM" for the first action and as "Reply to DM"for all the subsequent actions.

  1. **Q****: What is the default wait time added in the Interactive Messenger action?**
  2. **Ans -** By default, a wait of 1 minute is added, which is editable. If no button is selected, the contact will go to the "Default Timeout" branch.

**Q****: Will this trigger work for Ads also?**

**Ans -** Yes, select Custom in "Post type" and paste the post URL in "Post is" field and this will work.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use Facebook comment automation for Facebook Groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000002147-how-to-use-facebook-comment-automation-for-facebook-groups)
  * [Facebook & Instagram comment automation](/support/solutions/articles/155000002055-facebook-instagram-comment-automation)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Facebook/Instagram - Comment(s) on a Post](/support/solutions/articles/155000003419-workflow-trigger-facebook-instagram-comment-s-on-a-post)
  * [Facebook / Instagram - User comments on a Post trigger](/support/solutions/articles/155000002171-facebook-instagram-user-comments-on-a-post-trigger)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
