Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
  4. [Private Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000764)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
     * [Private Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000764)
  6. Private Integrations: Everything you need to know

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Private Integrations: Everything you need to know

Modified on: Thu, 15 Aug, 2024 at 9:40 AM

##   

## **Table of Contents**

  * What are Private Integrations?
  * What's the difference between Private Integrations and API Keys?
  * How do I use Private Integrations?
    * Who can create Private Integrations?
    * Where can I find Private Integrations?
    * How do I create a new Private Integration?
    * What are some best practices to maintain security of my private integration token?
    * My token has been compromised? What should I do?
    * Can I edit the Private Integration permissions without updating the token?
    * How do I delete the Private Integration once I no longer need it?

##   

## **What are Private Integrations?**

Private Integrations allows you to build powerful custom integrations between your HighLevel account and any other third party app. 

If you are looking to integrate your HighLevel account with a third party app, you have two options:

1\. Find and install relevant app from the App Marketplace

2\. Build your own private integration by yourself or with the help of a developer using APIs.

Private Integrations helps you achieve #2 securely.

The key advantages of using Private Integrations are:

  * **Simple** : Generate Private Integration tokens from your account settings and manage them with ease.
  * **Secure:  **You get to restrict the scopes/permissions that a developer can access on your account

Private Integrations are available for both Agencies and Sub-Accounts. To know more about the sub-accounts' Private Integrations feature, [click here](https://help.leadconnectorhq.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002774-private-integrations-everything-you-need-to-know).

##   

## **What's the difference between Private Integrations and API Keys?**

Private Integrations, to put it simply, is more powerful yet secure alternative to API Keys.

**Private Integrations**| **API Keys**  
---|---  
**More Secure** : You get to restrict the scopes/permissions that a developer can access on your account | **Less Secure** : A developer gets unrestricted access to all your account data   
**State-of-art** : Private Integrations allows you to access API v2.0 which is state of the art.| **Out-dated** : API Keys work on API v1.0 which has reached end-of-life and is no longer maintained.  
**More Features:  **API v2.0 has more powerful APIs and supports webhooks(ability for third party apps to get notified when specific events occur on your account).| **Less Features** : API v1.0 has limited APIs and does not support webhooks.   

##   

## **How do I use Private Integrations?**

### **Who can create Private Integrations?**

By default, all agency admins can create and manage Private Integrations. 

However, you can restrict this permission at a user level. To do this, Navigate to Settings > Team > Edit the specific agency admin > Roles & Permissions, and enable/disable Private Integrations for the agency admin.

You may apply the restrictions at two levels:

  1. Allow the agency admin to view and manage the agency's private integrations
  2. Allow the agency admin to view and manage the sub-accounts' private integrations

### 

###   

### **Where can I find Private Integrations?**

You can find Private Integrations under agency settings. If you don't find it under settings, please make sure that you have enabled the feature on Labs.

###   

### **How do I create a new Private Integration?**

**Step 1** : Click on "Create new Integration"

**Step 2** : Give your Private Integration a name and description to help you and your team identify what it's for.

**Step 3** : Select the scopes/permissions that you want the private integration to have access to on your agency  account. Ensure that you are selecting only the required scopes for better data security.

**Step 4** : Copy the token generated and share it with your third-party app developer. 

Please ensure that you are sharing the token with trusted parties only. Do not share it publicly.

**Note:**  Don't forget to copy the token generated as you won't be able to do it again later.

###   

### **What are some best practices to maintain security of my private integration token?**

We recommend that you rotate your Private Integration tokens every 90 days.

Here's how you can do it.

**Step 1** : Navigate to Private Integrations under settings, and click on the Private Integration you have created.

**Step 2** : Click on "Rotate and expire this token later".

**Step 3** : Click "Continue" in response to the warning message if you are sure that you want to proceed with rotation. 

**Step 4** : Copy the new token and update it on your third-party app. You will have a 7 day window where both the old and the new tokens will continue to work. After 7 days, the old token will expire. In this 7 day window, you will have the option to:

1\. "Cancel rotation" if, for example, your developer needs more time to update the token on the third-party app.

2\. "Expire Now", if, for example, the third party app has been updated with the new token.

**Note:** Don't forget to copy the token generated as you won't be able to do it again later. 

### **My token has been compromised? What should I do?**

**Step 1** : Navigate to Private Integrations under settings, and click on the Private Integration you have created.

**Step 2** : Click on "Rotate and expire this token now".

**Step 3** : Click "Continue" in response to the warning message if you are sure that you want to proceed with rotation. 

**Step 4** : Copy the new token and update it on your third-party app.

**Note:**  Don't forget to copy the token generated as you won't be able to do it again later.

### **Can I edit the Private Integration permissions without updating the token?**

Yes, you can edit the Private Integration name, description and scopes/permissions any time after you've created it.

Here's how you can do it.

**Step 1** : Navigate to Private Integrations under settings, and select "Edit" from the three-dot menu.

**Step 2** : Update the Private Integration name and description if required. Click on "Next".

**Step 3** : If required, update the scopes/permissions that you want the private integration to have access to on your account. Ensure that you are selecting only the required scopes for better data security. Click on "Update" to save the updates made.

**Note** : Updating the Private Integration details does not generate a new token. The existing token will continue to work.

### **How do I delete the Private Integration once I no longer need it?**

You can delete the Private Integration once you no longer are using the third-party app.

To do so, navigate to Private Integrations under settings, and select "Delete" from the three-dot menu.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Private Integrations: Everything you need to know](/support/solutions/articles/155000003054-private-integrations-everything-you-need-to-know)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to sell Snapshots on the App Marketplace?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003709-how-to-sell-snapshots-on-the-app-marketplace-)
  * [How to use WebinarKit's HighLevel Integration (Guest Tutorial)](/support/solutions/articles/48001225332-how-to-use-webinarkit-s-highlevel-integration-guest-tutorial-)
  * [How to Integrate Your Google Business Profile (formerly GMB) into the CRM](/support/solutions/articles/48001222899-how-to-integrate-your-google-business-profile-formerly-gmb-into-the-crm)
  * [Download all your Certificates from Client Portal](/support/solutions/articles/155000002175-download-all-your-certificates-from-client-portal)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
