Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/48000450445)
  4. [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/folders/48000668553)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/48000450445)
     * [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/folders/48000668553)
  6. Marketplace App Distribution Type

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Marketplace App Distribution Type

Modified on: Tue, 15 Oct, 2024 at 1:09 AM

This article outlines the available distribution types—Agency, Subaccount, and Agency & Subaccount—and provides insights to help developers select the best fit for their app, detailing listing visibility, installation protocols, payment processes, and re-selling capabilities.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What Are Distribution Types?
  * Summary
  * Distribution Type - Agency
    * App Listing:
    * Installation and Uninstallation: 
    * Payments:
    * Re-selling:
  * Distribution Type - Sub-account
    * App Listing:
    * Installation and Uninstallation: 
    * Payments: 
    * Re-selling: 
  * Distribution Type - Agency and Sub-account
    * App Listing: 
    * Installation and Uninstallation: 
    * Bulk Installation:
    * Future Installation: 
    * Payments: 
    * Re-selling: 

##   
**What Are Distribution Types?**

Distribution types determine the placement of your app within the appropriate account level (Agency or Subaccount) and grant corresponding app-level access. We currently support three distribution types:

  * Agency
  * Subaccount
  * Agency & Subaccount

## **Summary**

| **Distribution Types**  
---|---  
**  
**| **Agency Only**| **Sub-account Only**| **Agency & Sub-account**  
**Where is the app listed?**|  App is listed in the Agency Marketplace| App is listed in the Sub-account Marketplace  
| App is listed in the Agency Marketplace  
**Who can install the app?**|  Agency admins can install the app| Sub-account admins can install the app| Agency admins can bulk install the app across multiple sub-accounts.   
Agency may also set to automatically install the app to future onboarded sub-accounts**  
**  
**How does the pricing work?**| [Please refer to this section for all details on pricing model variations across different distribution types.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001217-set-up-your-app-pricing#Distribution-Types-and-Pricing-Models)**  
**  
**_[Advanced]_**  
**Which user's data/scopes can the app's****  tokens access?**  
| Agency scopes only| Sub-account scopes only| Agency scopes and sub-account scopes  
  
**  
**

# **Distribution Type - Agency**

Choose this distribution type if your app's functionalities are applicable only to agency-level accounts.  
**  
**

****

### **  
App Listing:**

Apps will be listed solely in the agency level app marketplace.

****

**  
**

### **Installation and Uninstallation:  **

Only agency administrators or owners have the authority to install or uninstall the app at the agency account level.

**  
**

### **Payments:**

For paid applications, the installing agency is responsible for the app's cost.

**  
**

### **Re-selling:**

Agencies cannot re-sell these apps, as they are not available for installation at the sub-account level.

## **  
**

## **Distribution Type - Sub-account**

Select this type if your app's functionalities are intended for sub-account level accounts.  
**  
**

****

### **  
App Listing:**

These apps are listed exclusively at the sub-account level.  
**  
**

****

**  
**

### **Installation and Uninstallation:  **

Sub-account administrators can install the app at their respective account levels. These apps do not support agency level installation or bulk installation across multiple sub-accounts.  
**  
**

### ****

**  
**

**Payments:  **

The sub-account installing a paid app will bear its cost.

**  
**

### **Re-selling:  **

These apps can be re-sold by agencies. For more details on app re-selling, [click here.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001220)

## **  
**

## **Distribution Type - Agency and Sub-account**

Opt for this distribution if your app's functionalities are relevant at both the agency and sub-account levels.  
**  
**

****

### **  
App Listing:  **

These apps are accessible in both agency and sub-account level marketplaces.  
**  
**

****

### **  
Installation and Uninstallation:  **

Installation and uninstallation of these apps at the sub-account level must be carried out by agency admins or owners only. Sub-account admins cannot perform these actions.  
**  
**

****

**  
  
**

### **Bulk Installation:**

Agencies can bulk install these apps across their sub-accounts at the time of installation, choosing either all existing sub-accounts or a specific subset. Each sub-account installed with the app will incur charges if the app is paid.  
**  
**

****

**  
**

### **Future Installation:  **

Agencies can automatically install these apps for future sub-accounts if they choose the 'all sub-accounts' option during the initial installation.  
**  
**

****

**  
**

### **Payments:  **

Upon installation, both the agency and the sub-account are charged for paid apps.

**  
**

### **Re-selling:  **

Agencies can re-sell these apps to their sub-accounts, with the agency paying the base price set by the developer and sub-accounts paying a marked-up price set by the agency. For more details on app re-selling, [click here.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001220)

**  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [HighLevel API](/support/solutions/articles/48001060529-highlevel-api)
  * [How to update your API keys](/support/solutions/articles/48001205369-how-to-update-your-api-keys)
  * [How to Use Webhook.site to Troubleshoot your API Requests](/support/solutions/articles/48001212085-how-to-use-webhook-site-to-troubleshoot-your-api-requests)
  * [How to get started with the Developer's Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000000136-how-to-get-started-with-the-developer-s-marketplace)

## You may like to read -

  * [Changing your app pricing plan in the App Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000003967-changing-your-app-pricing-plan-in-the-app-marketplace)
  * [Agency-Level Marketplace Apps Installation](/support/solutions/articles/155000001057-agency-level-marketplace-apps-installation)
  * [One-Time Pricing Model in the App Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000003674-one-time-pricing-model-in-the-app-marketplace)
  * [Configure Marketplace App Listing Type](/support/solutions/articles/155000001559-configure-marketplace-app-listing-type)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
