Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  6. How to switch Timezones for your Dashboards

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to switch Timezones for your Dashboards

Modified on: Tue, 23 Apr, 2024 at 6:11 AM

For teams with members across various time zones, personalize your dashboard experience with the Timezone Switcher. Users can manage and update time zones for the dashboards they view based on their preferences.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Step 1: Open any dashboard (private or shared)
    * Step 2: Click on the 3-dot menu
    * Step 3: Choose "Manage Dashboard Timezone"
    * Step 4: Select your desired timezone
    * Step 5: Save your changes
  * Note: 

* * *

### **Step 1: Open any dashboard (private or shared)**

### **Step 2: Click on the 3-dot menu**

  * ****  

### **Step 3: Choose "Manage Dashboard Timezone"**

### **Step 4: Select your desired timezone**

  * ****  

### **Step 5: Save your changes**

* * *

## **Note:**** **

The selected timezone will be applied to all dashboards you view. This feature is available across all plans and roles, allowing anyone with dashboard access to tailor the timezone for their view. Enhance your dashboard experience and stay efficient! 

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Dashboard: Opportunities, Pipeline Value, Conversion Rate, Funnel, Stages Distribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001152117-dashboard-opportunities-pipeline-value-conversion-rate-funnel-stages-distribution)
  * [Dashboard Funnel chart opportunities explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181826-dashboard-funnel-chart-opportunities-explained)
  * [Lead source report explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181830-lead-source-report-explained)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)

## You may like to read -

  * [Removing a widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000001211-removing-a-widget)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)
  * [How to change the Timezone for a Dashboard (Logged in User)](/support/solutions/articles/155000002247-how-to-change-the-timezone-for-a-dashboard-logged-in-user-)
  * [Resize widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000001209-resize-widgets)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
