Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. How to Enhance Your Images in the Funnel and Website Buil...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Enhance Your Images in the Funnel and Website Builder with the Image Action Feature

Modified on: Mon, 19 Aug, 2024 at 10:57 AM

New options have been added to the Image Action feature, enhancing functionality for images within the funnel / website builder.

These updates provide users with more versatile options when using Image Action across different elements, enhancing the overall user experience.

Customers can now use these in Image Actions, along with existing 'open popup' and 'go to website URL' 

  1. Hide Elements
  2. Show Elements
  3. Scroll to Element
  4. Step
  5. Next step
  6. Call
  7. SMS
  8. Email address

These image actions are applicable on the following elements - 

  * Image
  * Image Feature
  * Navigation Menu

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Image Slider Element for Engaging Web Design](/support/solutions/articles/155000001066-image-slider-element-for-engaging-web-design)
  * [How to Enhance Your Content with Dynamic Visual Effects](/support/solutions/articles/155000003629-how-to-enhance-your-content-with-dynamic-visual-effects)
  * [Save, Draft and Publish Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/articles/155000001913-save-draft-and-publish-funnels-and-websites)
  * [How to Use the Spread to Column Option in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003080-how-to-use-the-spread-to-column-option-in-forms-and-surveys)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
