Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. Connect Facebook with Ad Manager

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Connect Facebook with Ad Manager

Modified on: Mon, 12 Aug, 2024 at 12:16 PM

As part of this article, we will be discussing:

  1. How clients can subscribe to Ad Manager for Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager pricing plan.  

  2. Onboarding flow(both for Default Ad Manager and Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager) - It includes connecting your Facebook account, Meta Ad account and the Facebook page you want to use with Ad Manager and publish ad campaigns.

* * *

## **How to subscribe for Ad Manager?**

We have two pricing plans namely: Default Ad Manager and Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager, agency can select either of the two and the steps to subscribe for both are mentioned in the following article.

**A: Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager**

Once agency has provided the user with necessary permissions (refer <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002440-ad-manager-permission-and-pricing>), users can proceed to subscribe Ad Manager from agency by clicking on the get started button present under the specific Sub-Account ➝ Marketing ➝ Ad Manager tab.

When your client clicks the Pay and Subscribe button the system will create the subscription, process the payment, and take them to the Ad Manager onboarding flow.

    **Note:  **This is a monthly subscription amount which agency charges from sub-accounts to use Ad Manager and publish unlimited campaigns. Payment for the campaign will be charged from the card on file under Meta Ad account, added by the user once campaign is approved by Facebook to be published.

**B: Default Ad Manager**

There is no prior subscription needed for Default Ad Manager pricing plan, a subscription is created for each campaign published by the user using Ad Manager. It can be best understood by referring to this article: <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager>.

[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)**

* * *

## **How to connect Facebook with Ad Manager?**

Now user has subscribed to use Ad Manager, connecting Facebook with Ad Manager is another essential step before the campaign journey can begin.

**1.** On click of "Connect Facebook" button, you will be navigated to enter your Facebook credentials and allow permissions to LeadConnector. Along with other permissions, permission to gain access to your Business Manager will also be needed.  

    **Note:  **Ensure all permission toggles are enabled and checkboxes selected to grant all the permissions to LeadConnector app.

**2.** Once Facebook account is connected and all the permissions are granted, all the Meta Ad accounts which are associated with the connected Business Manager will be shown in the 'Select Ad Account' dropdown and any one of them which is eligible needs to be selected.

The eligibility of the ad account is defined by its status and the following list details what is meant by each one of them and which are suitable for connecting with Ad Manager.

  1. Active: Fully operational, you can create and run ads without any restrictions - Suitable to connect with Ad Manager.
  2. Disabled: Ad account is disabled, you cannot create or run any new ads. This status usually occurs when Facebook detects a policy violation or suspicious activity associated with your ad account. - Cannot be connected with Ad Manager
  3. Unsettled: You have unsettled billing with Facebook which needs to be rectified. - Suitable to connect with Ad Manager.
  4. Pending risk review: This status indicates that your ad account is under review by Facebook's team, typically after you've made changes to your account information or billing details. During this period, you may have limited ability to create or edit ads. - Suitable to connect with Ad Manager.
  5. Pending closure: This status means that your ad account is scheduled for permanent closure, often due to repeated or severe policy violations. - Suitable to connect with Ad Manager.
  6. Closed: If your ad account has this status, it has been permanently closed by Facebook, and you cannot create or run any ads from this account. - Cannot be connected with Ad Manager

**3.** The next step is to select the Facebook page from the list of pages shown which are available to be connected. Only those Facebook pages which are associated with the automatically connected Business Manager will be eligible. Click on 'Connect' next to the page you want to link with Ad Manager.

On click of Connect, the page gets connected and you are ready to create a campaign by clicking on 'Get Started'.

    **Note:  **One Facebook page can be connected from the onboarding flow, if you want to connect more than one, it can be done under Ad Manager settings > Pages tab, by clicking on 'Connect Facebook page(s)'.

    **Note:** The difference between Default Ad manager and Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager onboarding flow is "Select Ad Account", as that is not needed for DFY Advertising. Refer <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager> for a better understanding on the onboarding flow for Done-For-You Advertising. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [Ad Manager settings](/support/solutions/articles/155000003051-ad-manager-settings)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Ad Manager pricing plans: Key points and differences](/support/solutions/articles/155000003501-ad-manager-pricing-plans-key-points-and-differences)
  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
