Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Contacts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000198)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000198)
  6. Internal Tasks for your Team

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Internal Tasks for your Team

Modified on: Wed, 14 Feb, 2024 at 8:48 AM

### More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/QjncCeaa1y8>

<https://youtu.be/h3SGywAkIyY>

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHxqwdWr5Ts)<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVUKrpakcDA>

<https://youtu.be/5mYt9yQssJU>

Create and Manage internal tasks for your team in the "Tasks List Page" for easier project management.

**In This Article**

  * Create Contactless Tasks
  * Filter Internal Tasks
  * Assign, remove, or Reassign the Contact to a task

* * *

## Create Contactless Tasks

Create tasks on the task list page without a contact specifically for your team members. These tasks can be used to manage work and responsibilities within your team easily

## Filter Internal Tasks

Utilize the "Unassigned" option in the "Contact" filter field to filter out contactless/internal tasks for your team.

## Assign, remove, or Reassign the Contact to a task

Along with creating contactless tasks, the contact can be added, removed, or reassigned anytime post a task is created giving you absolute control over managing the tasks in your subaccount 

## 

    These tasks are also visible in the Tasks list on the Dashboard page.

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Contact Type](/support/solutions/articles/155000001302-contact-type)
  * [Followers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001362-followers)
  * [Internal Tasks for your Team](/support/solutions/articles/155000001703-internal-tasks-for-your-team)
  * [Workflow - Adding and Removing Followers for Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002109-workflow-adding-and-removing-followers-for-contacts)

## You may like to read -

  * [Action - Internal notification](/support/solutions/articles/155000003202-action-internal-notification)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Form Submitted](/support/solutions/articles/155000002550-workflow-trigger-form-submitted)
  * [How to use the Workflow Slack Premium Action?](/support/solutions/articles/48001238247-how-to-use-the-workflow-slack-premium-action-)
  * [Workflow Action - DND Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000003270-workflow-action-dnd-contact)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
