Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Template Library](/support/solutions/folders/48000687583)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Template Library](/support/solutions/folders/48000687583)
  6. How to add your own template to the Template Library in t...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to add your own template to the Template Library in the $97, $297 and $497 plans?

Modified on: Fri, 1 Dec, 2023 at 4:58 AM

Introducing our latest enhancement: the power to personalize your experience! With our new feature, users can now seamlessly upload their own templates, unlocking a world of customization and efficiency. Say goodbye to one-size-fits-all templates and hello to tailored solutions that align perfectly with your needs. Embrace the freedom to shape your templates and elevate your workflow.   
  
Welcome to a more customised and user-centric experience!  

**_Important Notes_**  
  
1. Only the **_Agency admin_** can view the admin panel and can have access to upload templates to the Template Library  
  
2\. **_Only $497 plan  _**provides access to admin panel and the access to upload templates  
  
** _Access granted to different roles -_**

Roles| To upload Templates| Access to Library  
---|---|---  
Agency Admin| Yes| Yes  
Agency User| No| No  
Location Admin| No| No  
Location User| No| No  

** _How to add templates for $97 and $297 plan?_**  
  
_Option 1:_   1. Go to the template (Email, Funnel, Forms, Surveys, Websites, Social Planner)

                 2\. Click on the three dots in the list view and choose Upload to the Template Library

                3\. The workflow to upgrade triggers. Click on Upgrade Now to continue.  
  
                 4\. Update your plan in the billing area to $497 to continue  
  
** _Option 2:_**   1. Go to the Template Library section at the main page

                  2\. Click on it to trigger the upgrade workflow

                  3\. The workflow to upgrade triggers. Click on Upgrade Now to continue.  

                   4\. Update your plan in the billing area to $497 to continue  

When you are on a $497 plan, please continue with the steps on the [link](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001304-how-to-add-your-own-template-in-template-library-) to ensure you can upload templates in the template library. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How does the Template Library work?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236650-how-does-the-template-library-work-)
  * [How to add your own template in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001304-how-to-add-your-own-template-in-template-library-)
  * [How to clone templates in template library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001458-how-to-clone-templates-in-template-library-)
  * [How to add descriptions to your templates?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001459-how-to-add-descriptions-to-your-templates-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to add your own template in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001304-how-to-add-your-own-template-in-template-library-)
  * [How does the Template Library work?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236650-how-does-the-template-library-work-)
  * [How to add your email templates in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003186-how-to-add-your-email-templates-in-template-library-)
  * [Notification for Failed Post, Account Expired and Post Approval](/support/solutions/articles/155000002407-notification-for-failed-post-account-expired-and-post-approval)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
