Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. Add Pinterest Pins in Social Planner

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Add Pinterest Pins in Social Planner

Modified on: Tue, 16 Jul, 2024 at 4:20 PM

**What's New?**  
  
We're thrilled to unveil a brand-new feature in Social Planner: the ability to connect multiple Pinterest accounts and create endless pins.

**How Does It Work?**

1.Navigate to Marketing > Social Planner.  

2\. Connect your Pinterest account (ensure you are an admin of the account).

3\.   Create a new post using the social planner post composer.  
4\. Select the Pinterest account along with your other social accounts.  
5\. You will be prompted to select the Pinterest board.  
6\. If you do not have any boards, you can create one using the "Add board" option in the board selection dropdown.  
\- The locked icon is private board  
\- The public board will not have the locked icon  
\- User can create new board  

Pinterest Requirements:

  * \- Pinterest requires 1 image or 1 video for creating a pin.  
\- For Image - it needs to be 10MB or less than 10 MB, it supports PNG and JPG.  
\- For Video - it needs to be 1 GB or less than 1GB, it supports MOV,MP4 and WEBP and it requires minimum 4 secs or maximum 5 mins video size. The recommended aspect ratio is 9:16 (full-bleed videos), 1:2, 2:3, 3:4, 4:5, or 1:1 and Video Encoding: H.264 or H.265. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)
  * [How to Connect TikTok in Social Planner?](/support/solutions/articles/48001227317-how-to-connect-tiktok-in-social-planner-)
  * [How to connect to your LinkedIn Profile(s) and Page(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215736-how-to-connect-to-your-linkedin-profile-s-and-page-s-)
  * [How to connect Instagram Business account with Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001213062-how-to-connect-instagram-business-account-with-social-planner)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
