Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. How to configure contacts limit for SaaS sub-accounts?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to configure contacts limit for SaaS sub-accounts?

Modified on: Fri, 6 Sep, 2024 at 3:24 AM

SaaS mode now allows you to restrict the number of contacts that can be created in a sub-accounts.

    The contact limit is NOT A COMPLETE LIMIT, i.e. more contacts can still be created in the sub-account via APIs, Forms, Workflows etc. even after the limit has been exhausted. That said, users won't be able to create more contacts from the UI, i.e. manually creating contacts or importing contacts in bulk.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  1. Configuring contact limits for SaaS plans
  2. Updating contact limits for specific sub-accounts

* * *

### **Configuring contact limits for SaaS plans**

### **Step 1:  **Go to the SaaS configurator. Select ‘Edit Details’ for the plan you need to set the contact limit for.  

### **Step 2:  **Go to the ‘Usage Limits’ tab. ‘Contact limit’ option can be found there.

### **Step 3:  **By default, unlimited contacts are allowed. Enable the Contact Limit toggle and set the desired limit for this plan.

****

# **Step 4:  **Select 'Save'.

    The user limit is now set for the plan and any new sub-accounts that are created with/upgraded to this plan will have this limit applied to them.

* * *

### **Updating contact limits for specific sub-accounts**

### **Step 1:  **Go to the Sub-accounts page at the agency level. Select the sub-account you need to set the contact limit for.  

### **Step 2:  **Once you are on the ‘Manage Client’ page, navigate to the ‘Usage Limits’ section. Contact limits can be found there.

### **Step 3:  **Set/update the desired limit and select ‘Save’.

    The contact limit that is set on the 'Manage Client' page overrides the limit of the subscribed plan for that sub-account. **If the sub-account upgrades their plan, then the limit will also be reset according to their new plan**.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [Attach SaaS Mode Subscription Plan to an Existing Client/Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001188055-attach-saas-mode-subscription-plan-to-an-existing-client-sub-account)
  * [How to set up manual approval of new SaaS sub-accounts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001486-how-to-set-up-manual-approval-of-new-saas-sub-accounts-)
  * [Using SaaS Mode with NMI, Authorize.net, and Square](/support/solutions/articles/155000003670-using-saas-mode-with-nmi-authorize-net-and-square)
  * [Configuring User Limits for SaaS Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001232-configuring-user-limits-for-saas-sub-accounts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
