Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Settings & Preferences](/support/solutions/folders/155000000688)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Settings & Preferences](/support/solutions/folders/155000000688)
  6. Collecting Payments in Calendars

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Collecting Payments in Calendars

Modified on: Fri, 18 Oct, 2024 at 9:51 AM

Calendar Payments are now possible when booking an appointment. It allows the location to receive payments when a client or customer books for a certain calendar appointment. This is very useful, especially for businesses that require a certain payment to book an appointment slot.

**Covered in this article:**

  * Available payment providers and how to add them

### **Available payment providers and how to add them**

1\. Payments in calendars are supported through three payment gateways, namely **Stripe, NMI** and [**Authorize.net**](https://www.authorize.net/).

[](https://www.authorize.net/)2\. Add the payment gateways first from your sub-account by going to the **Payments Tab** > **Integrations**

**Please Note** :

    If you connect multiple gateways, you would see a dropdown to select your default payment gateway. Only the **DEFAULT PAYMENT GATEWAY** will be used to collect payments. So if you chose Stripe then it will only collect payments thru Stripe.

3\. Now, go to Calendar Settings. 

3\. Edit (by clicking on the three dots) an existing calendar or Create a New Calendar (Advanced Settings). Under Forms & Payments you will see a toggle to "Accept Payments". 

Once enabled, these new form fields would appear:

  1. **Amount** (with currency)
  2. **Description**
  3. **Payment mode** (Test or Live)

**Please Note** :

    Payments DOES NOT WORK for calendars with recurring appointments enabled.

**  
**

**REMEMBER!** If you don't see the Payment Options like on the screenshot below, it's because you haven't integrated a payment gateway yet or the calendar is a calendar for recurring appointments. Review the steps above to activate Payment Options for Calendars.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Setting Up Linked Calendars & Conflict Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002374-setting-up-linked-calendars-conflict-calendars)
  * [Email & In-App Appointment Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000003441-email-in-app-appointment-notifications)
  * [Calendar Scheduling Conflicts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003548-calendar-scheduling-conflicts)
  * [Assigning a Primary Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000002263-assigning-a-primary-calendar)

## You may like to read -

  * [How To Create Service Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000001159-how-to-create-service-calendars)
  * [Partial Payment: Collect Deposit Amount](/support/solutions/articles/155000002184-partial-payment-collect-deposit-amount)
  * [Collect Payments with Recurring Appointments (Booking Widget)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003451-collect-payments-with-recurring-appointments-booking-widget-)
  * [How to Use POS with Your Service Calendar in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003445-how-to-use-pos-with-your-service-calendar-in-the-mobile-app)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
