Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Documents](/support/solutions/folders/155000000200)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Documents](/support/solutions/folders/155000000200)
  6. Overview - Documents

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Overview - Documents

Modified on: Mon, 23 Oct, 2023 at 7:02 AM

Adding, sharing, and requesting documents from contacts have never been easier. Documents aim to streamline the entire document management and sharing requirements for your business. Documents are broadly categories into 3 categories:

  1. Internal Documents
  2. Sent to Contact Documents _(coming soon)_
  3. Received from Contact Documents _(coming soon)_

**In This Article**

    * Internal Documents
    * Adding Documents to your Contacts
    * Searching for the Documents

* * *

## Internal Documents

Store documents for your contacts within the CRM on the Contact details page. These documents can be accessed by users who have access to view the contact. 

Documents added to custom fields are added to a Folder named "Custom Fields" in the "Internal" section.  
Documents in custom fields are non deletable

## Adding Documents to your Contacts

Add new documents to the internal section by hitting "+Add" -> "New File"

    - The max size limit per document is **_250MB_**
    - Document types supported = PPT, Docs, PDF, CSV, and various image formats

## Searching for the Documents

Search documents based on the Document Name in the contact details page

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview - Documents](/support/solutions/articles/155000001245-overview-documents)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Instagram DM](/support/solutions/articles/155000003293-workflow-action-instagram-dm)
  * [Workflow Action - Messenger](/support/solutions/articles/155000003292-workflow-action-messenger)
  * [Action - Send Email](/support/solutions/articles/155000002472-action-send-email)
  * [How to send personalized payment links to multiple contacts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002666-how-to-send-personalized-payment-links-to-multiple-contacts-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
