Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. Conditional Logic in Forms

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Conditional Logic in Forms

Modified on: Thu, 12 Sep, 2024 at 5:11 PM

### More Tutorials From the Community

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwtDrNimU5o>

The Conditional Logic feature in our Form Builder allows you to automate actions in your forms based on user interactions. You can use multiple conditions, choose from diverse operations, and have the flexibility to edit them as you see fit. You have the power to trigger actions like displaying custom messages, redirecting to specific URLs, or disqualifying leads for a tailored user experience. This feature empowers you to make your forms smarter and more dynamic.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Quick Overview
    * Where to find Conditional Logic in Forms
    * "AND" and "OR" conditions
    * Which operations are covered for different fields ?

* * *

## **Quick Overview**

## Where to find Conditional Logic in Forms

Open the form builder and see the conditional logic from secondary top bar. Clicking on it will open the popup.

You can configure the following type of logic:

  1. Display custom messages
  2. Redirect to specific URLs
  3. Disqualify leads

## "AND" and "OR" conditions

You can add as many "AND" and "OR" condition as you want. Switching between ‘AND’ and ‘OR’ automatically updates all operations accordingly.

Whether you’re dealing with standard or custom fields, we’ve got operations for every data type —

  * text
  * date
  * phone
  * number
  * monetary values
  * single drop-downs
  * radio selections

## Which operations are covered for different fields ?

The above image show the operations that can be done. You can choose from operations like contains, equal to/not equal to, starts with/ends with, is empty/is filled, greater than/less than, before/after, and more.

**Note:  **

**1\. Currently, we do not support checkbox and multi select in conditional logic.**

**2\. Conditional logic forms are not compatible with calendars at this point**

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [Math Calculations in Forms/Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003634-math-calculations-in-forms-surveys)
  * [ActiveCampaign to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003296-activecampaign-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Zoho to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003316-zoho-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Surveys with Conditional Logic](/support/solutions/articles/48000981703-surveys-with-conditional-logic)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
