Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Facebook/Instagram Events Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/155000000745)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Facebook/Instagram Events Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/155000000745)
  6. Workflow Trigger - Facebook lead form submitted

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Trigger - Facebook lead form submitted

Modified on: Wed, 21 Aug, 2024 at 11:10 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Trigger Name
  * Trigger Description
  * How to Configure
  * Example

## Overview

The "Facebook Lead Form Submitted" trigger allows you to initiate workflows automatically whenever a lead submits a Facebook Lead Form. This trigger is particularly useful for capturing leads from Facebook campaigns and seamlessly adding them into your workflow.

### 

## Trigger Name

Facebook lead form submitted

## Trigger Description

This trigger activates a workflow whenever a contact submits a Facebook Lead Form. It’s designed to help automate the follow-up process or any other actions needed once a lead is captured via Facebook.

## How to Configure

  1. **Choose a Workflow Trigger** :

     * Select "Facebook Lead Form Submitted" from the dropdown list.
  2. **Workflow Trigger Name** :

     * Provide a descriptive name for the trigger to easily identify it within your workflow.
  3. **Filters** (Optional):

     * You can add filters to narrow down the trigger to specific forms or other criteria.

Field| Description| Mandatory  
---|---|---  
In Form| Specify the Facebook Lead Form for this trigger to monitor.| No  
Add Filters| Additional filters can be added to refine the trigger further.| No  

## Example

Let’s say you are running a Facebook campaign to promote a new product, and you want to automatically send a welcome email to every person who submits the lead form.

  1. **Choose a Workflow Trigger** :

     * **Trigger:** Facebook Lead Form Submitted
  2. **Workflow Trigger Name** :

     * **Name:** New Product Lead Form Submission
  3. **Filters** (Optional):

     * **Filter Type:** In Form
     * **Form Name:** [Select the specific Facebook Lead Form associated with the new product campaign]

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Workflow Trigger - Facebook lead form submitted](/support/solutions/articles/155000003095-workflow-trigger-facebook-lead-form-submitted)

## You may like to read -

  * [Facebook Conversions API Trigger in Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001185099-facebook-conversions-api-trigger-in-workflows)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Facebook Conversion Leads Walkthrough](/support/solutions/articles/48001233833-facebook-conversion-leads-walkthrough)
  * [Workflows vs Campaigns/Triggers (Deprecated features)](/support/solutions/articles/48001229927-workflows-vs-campaigns-triggers-deprecated-features-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
