Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [A2P registration](/support/solutions/folders/155000000021)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [A2P registration](/support/solutions/folders/155000000021)
  6. A2P 10DLC Brand Approval Best Practices

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# A2P 10DLC Brand Approval Best Practices

Modified on: Wed, 7 Feb, 2024 at 4:44 PM

More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/r3Fm0ceLy8k>

<https://youtu.be/MYdObJhE3nI>

When you register your A2P Brand with your Business Profile, LC Phone will submit your business information to The Campaign Registry for review, determining your eligibility and throughput for your messaging Campaigns. This article summarizes how Brand approval works and our best practices to ensure your Brand is approved.

####   
**Covererd in this Article:**

  * How Brand Approval Works
    * How To Maximize Your Trust Score
    * Use a valid EIN for US-based companies – not a DUNS number
    * How to find your EIN (for US companies)
    * Use a Valid Tax ID for companies based outside of the U.S.
  * Guidance for companies in Canada
  * Guidance for companies in the rest of the world
  * Common customer errors for EIN/Tax ID
    * Further recommendations:
  * Check Your Business Address
    * Supported Stock Exchanges
    * Other Factors
  * Frequently Asked Questions
    * If you are getting this error "Maximum 3 tries exhausted, please reach out to support team for next steps.", please provide the location ID: 
    * Is an EIN mandatory and what do businesses outside the US use for Standard Barnd Registration?
    * I received an error stating “We are unable to retrieve your TCR Trust Score” What does that mean?
    * I received an error message stating, “Your brand registration failed” what does that mean?
    * I received a low Trust Score; how can I increase the score?
    * Another company acquired my company; whose information do I provide?
    * My company’s business information has changed; how can I update my A2P Brand? 

* * *

## **How Brand Approval Works**

The approval process starts with a primary vetting of your brand completed by The Campaign Registry. As part of the approval process, LC Phone will automatically submit your brand for [Secondary Vetting](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001229783-a2p-10dlc-campaign-vetting-changes-january-2023), an additional review process that can lead to increased throughput and messaging limits. Once that vetting is completed, you will receive a Trust Score that determines your long code messaging throughput to US networks and daily message limits to T-Mobile as described in [Message throughput MPS and Trust Scores for A2P 10DLC in the US](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001238163-what-is-a2p-10dlc-#How-do-Trust-Scores-influence-message-throughput?). For a full walkthrough of the Brand registration process, please see our [A2P 10DLC Onboarding Guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001238163-what-is-a2p-10dlc-). 

###   
**How To Maximize Your Trust Score**

To ensure your Brand is approved and you receive the most accurate Trust Score, you want to submit your business data properly. Below are some best practices to follow along with some frequently asked questions regarding Brand registration.

###   
**Use a valid EIN for US-based companies – not a DUNS number**

The provided EIN and Legal Company Name must match business registration sources for private and public for-profit companies. Please ensure: 

  * For Standard A2P 10DLC brand registration, **customers with a US presence must use an EIN**.
  * **A DUNS number is unacceptable  **for US companies creating Standard A2P Brand registrations. A DUNS number should only be used in Business Profile creation if you do not want to use US A2P messaging and only want to use Stir/Shaken for Voice.
  * For **Non-Profit and Political Organizations** , the EIN has to match the Legal Company Name available in the Tax-Exempt Organizations or Registered Political Organizations list. Learn more in** ****[Nonprofit and Government Guide to A2P 10DLC Text Messaging](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/4405850570267-Nonprofit-and-Government-Guide-to-A2P-10DLC-Text-Messaging).**  

**Enter your Legal Company Name exactly as registered with the IRS**

If you’re registering a US entity, please enter the exact Legal Company Name as registered with the IRS, which can be found on the CP 575 EIN Confirmation Letter. An exact match between the Legal Company Name and the EIN as displayed on CP 575 is required for the Brand to be successfully registered. Please do not use the Legal Company Name found on the W2 or W9 forms as they may be different from what you have on the CP 575 notice. 

If you do not have access to your company's CP 575 notice then contact your company's accountant or financing office and ask for it.  If the CP 575 notice has been misplaced, you may request a 147c letter from the IRS and use the information there for registration.

###   
**How to find your EIN (for US companies)****  
**

  * Review your CP 575 / 147c forms for your EIN
  * Contact your company's accountant or financing office and ask for the EIN  

### **Use a Valid Tax ID for companies based outside of the U.S.**

The provided EIN and Legal Company Name has to match registration sources for private and public profit companies. Please ensure:

  * ALL customers creating a Business Profile **must provide a valid Tax ID**. 
  * A Tax ID from their country is required for Standard A2P 10DLC brand registration or customers with an International presence.
  * For Businesses outside US /Canada there may be a requirement for additional vetting to verify their brand successfully. 
    * In such cases, they will no longer be able to register as Low volume standards.

* * *

## **Guidance for companies in Canada**

On July 27th, for companies in Canada, we switched to **ONLY accepting the Business Number (BN)** rather than the Corporation/Incorporation/Registry ID numbers for Canadian Brand Registration. 

We will **only accept the first 9 numeric digits of the BN (BN-9)**. Here is an example of the format of a BN where the bolded part is the part we will collect in the Canadian Brand.

Tax/Corporation ID field: **123456789** RT0001

As always, please ensure that your legal company name and address is consistent with your business registration and is properly spelled.

* * *

## **Guidance for companies in the rest of the world**

  * European companies should use the [VIES VAT number validation](https://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/vies/) lookup to look up their brand information before submission.
  * Companies in Australia should use their Australian Business Number (ABN) and use the [official ABN Lookup tool](https://abr.business.gov.au/) to look up the information.
  * Companies in New Zealand should use New Zealand Business Number (NZBN) and use the [official NZBN lookup tool](https://www.nzbn.govt.nz/) to look up the information.
  * Companies in Hong Kong should use your [Companies Registry (CN)](https://www.cr.gov.hk/en/home/index.htm) number. You can use the [official CN lookup tool](https://www.cr.gov.hk/en/services/obtain-company-info.htm) to find it.
  * For other countries, please enter the numeric portion of your VAT ID number. If you don't have a VAT ID, please provide your country's primary corporation registration number or tax ID number.

* * *

## **Common customer errors for EIN/Tax ID**

  * It is using an incorrect business name, such as the name of the messaging provider, DBA, or the trade name of the company instead of the official legally registered name. The Legal Name must not be abbreviated and must appear **exactly** as it is filed with the IRS (US) or the equivalent tax authority in other countries.
  * It is entering a number in the EIN or Tax ID field that is invalid for the EIN or home country company ID number.
  * We provide a DUNS number instead of an EIN for a US-based company.
  * You are using SSN to register your brand. If you used your SSN to file your taxes, you are a sole proprietor and should await further guidance from LC Phone on registering your brand.  

### **Further recommendations:**

  * For US businesses, to ensure you’re providing accurate information, enter your business's EIN into the [HIPAA Space lookup website.](https://www.hipaaspace.com/) If your business appears in the results, please fill in your name according to the business listing information.
  * If you are an **[ISV-type customer](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/4402930862747-Am-I-a-direct-customer-or-an-ISV-for-A2P-10DLC-registration-)**  and need to validate and enter information for multiple brands in the US, you could use the subscription-based EIN verification service provided by [TINCheck](https://www.tincheck.com/).
  * For validating a brand’s status as a nonprofit, you can use **[Results for Tax Exempt Organization Search  from the US IRS.](https://apps.irs.gov/app/eos/allSearch)**
  * a Newly issued EINs or equivalent tax ID won’t propagate across the relevant databases validation systems for a few weeks. So, if your brand registration failed due to tax ID mismatch and you recently registered your business for a tax ID, please share documentation with support to help your brand get verified manually by the third-party vendors. Any such documentation must be from the federal level, not the state level.

* * *

## **Check Your Business Address**

For all entity types, a mismatch in one of the following might produce a lower Trust Score:

  * Address/Street line
  * City
  * State
  * Postal Code/Zip Code
  * Country

**Please note**

     Submitting the address of a local branch or any address different from the official registered company address might produce a mismatch with a negative impact on the Trust Score. 

###   
**Supported Stock Exchanges**

For Public Profit companies, the stock ticker symbol and the designated stock exchange must match available sources. Available Stock Ticker values are as follows:

  * NONE
  * NASDAQ
  * NYSE
  * AMEX
  * AMX
  * ASX
  * B3
  * BME
  * BSE
  * FRA
  * ICEX
  * JPX
  * JSE
  * KRX
  * LON
  * NSE
  * OMX
  * SEHK
  * SGX
  * SSE
  * STO
  * SWX
  * SZSE
  * TSX
  * TWSE
  * VSE
  * OTHER

###   
**Other Factors**

The following factors will impact the Trust Score but cannot be influenced by data submitted:

  * Company size: For all companies, points are earned for the detected size of the company based on independent sources of employee count and revenue.
  * Years in operation: All companies earn points for their years in operation and domain age.

* * *

## **Frequently Asked Questions**

### **If you are getting this error "Maximum 3 tries exhausted, please reach out to support team for next steps.", please provide the location ID:  **

Please send us the **CP 575 form** for the sub-account. Once that's done, we will send that form along with the Account SID / Brand SID for Brand approval, they would be able to take care of it.  

NOTE: If you're registering a US entity, please enter the exact legal business name as registered with the EIN, which can be found on the CP 575 EIN Confirmation Letter. An exact match between the legal business name and the EIN as displayed on CP 575 is required for the Brand to be successfully registered. Please do not use the legal business name found on the W2 or W9 forms as they may be different from what you have on the CP 575 notice. If you've misplaced your CP 575 notice, you may request a 147c letter from the IRS and use the information there for registration. 

Please note that your full legal business name may span multiple lines on your CP 575 / 147c letter. If that is the case, you **must input all the lines above the address line** (which constitutes your full legal business name) instead of just using the first line. 

E.g. Enter **COMINSPECT INC COMINSPECT % MARK COHEN** as the business legal name

### **Is an EIN mandatory and what do businesses outside the US use for Standard Barnd Registration?**

EIN is required and mandatory for A2P standard brand registration for US entities. DUNS will result in an error and puts the brand in an Unverified state preventing customers from proceeding with the next steps. DUNS is not an acceptable format for A2P brand registration.

the If you are a business outside of US then for Standard Registration you can use your business country Tax ID like BN9 for Canada, Company Number for the UK, Company Number from ASIC(ACN) for AUS, etc], 

### **I received an error stating “We are unable to retrieve your TCR Trust Score” What does that mean?**

During Brand approval, the vetting process is automated, however our vendor Aegis is going through some vetting issues, due to which there is a delay in populating the Secondary Vetting score. If we cannot retrieve your TCR Trust Score during Brand registration, it means that it’s undergoing this review which can take up to 7 business days. If your Brand is not approved after that time, please contact Support. 

### **I received an error message stating, “Your brand registration failed” what does that mean?**

If you receive any error messages stating your brand registration has failed, please follow the instructions provided to resolve your brand information. Your brand registration information is vetted by TCR, and if the vetting rejects your brand information, you will get this error. Some reasons for failure of registration are:

  1. The business registration number (e.g., EIN or Tax ID) does not match your legal name. You need to update one or both fields to resolve such an error.
  2. The stock symbol or ticker you provided does not match your brand information. You need to update one or both fields to resolve such an error.
  3. The organization could not be verified as a US-registered non-profit organization or government entity. To resolve such an error, you need to update your entity type (a.k.a company type) or provide documents for manual verification of your entity type. For more, see **[Nonprofit and Government Guide to A2P 10DLC.](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/4405850570267-Nonprofit-and-Government-Guide-to-A2P-10DLC-Text-Messaging)**  

### **I received a low Trust Score; how can I increase the score?**

The best way to improve your Trust Score is to ensure you have followed the above best practices including using a valid EIN and are using an accurate Business Address. If you have followed the guidelines and are still seeing a low Trust Score, don't hesitate to get in touch with Support. Please note that a Trust Score is calculated based on your brand footprint. 

### **Another company acquired my company; whose information do I provide?**

The guidance is always to provide the same business information you would use for your tax reporting at that given time. 

### **My company’s business information has changed; how can I update my A2P Brand?  **

Your registered business information must stay accurate and up to date for your Brand.  Once your Brand and Business Profile are approved, you cannot make changes to them through the Console or API, so if you need to update any information in your Brand/Business Profile, please contact Support with the necessary changes. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [US Phone Number Registrations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002380-us-phone-number-registrations)
  * [[A2P Registration] Opt-In Form - Terms and Conditions Guidelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001426--a2p-registration-opt-in-form-terms-and-conditions-guidelines)
  * [A2P 10DLC Brand Approval Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000000508-a2p-10dlc-brand-approval-best-practices)
  * [A2P Sole Proprietor Brands Registration](/support/solutions/articles/155000000340-a2p-sole-proprietor-brands-registration)

## You may like to read -

  * [LC Phone System Trust Center](/support/solutions/articles/48001225526-lc-phone-system-trust-center)
  * [A2P 10DLC Campaign Vetting Changes - January 2023](/support/solutions/articles/48001229783-a2p-10dlc-campaign-vetting-changes-january-2023)
  * [A2P Sole Proprietor Brands Registration](/support/solutions/articles/155000000340-a2p-sole-proprietor-brands-registration)
  * [A2P 10DLC Campaign Approval Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/48001229784-a2p-10dlc-campaign-approval-best-practices)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
