Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  6. In App Calendar view

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# In App Calendar view

Modified on: Fri, 14 Jun, 2024 at 10:29 PM

We're dedicated to making your appointment management effortless and efficient. The newly upgraded in-app calendar view, accessible from the calendar module, allows you to see all your scheduled appointments and synced third-party events in a single, comprehensive view and brings a host of features designed to simplify your scheduling process

**In This Article**

  * Quick Day View
  * Quick Month View
  * Multi-User Selection
  * Multi-Calendar View
  * Multi-Group View
  * Color Coding for Clarity
  * Annotation Key Added
  * Intuitive Icons
  * Persistent Multi-Select
  * Additional Info on Hover

## Quick Day View

Now view **users, calendars, and groups** in a convenient side-by-side format. Simply select the Day view to reveal a horizontal list showcasing all selected entities. 

For example, in the user's Day view, a horizontal list of users will be presented, each with their individual day calendar below their respective names. This empowers users to efficiently identify available time slots and seamlessly compare daily schedules.

## 

## Quick Month View

Navigate seamlessly through future dates with our intuitive month view, ensuring you never miss an important appointment.

### **Multi-User Selection**

Say goodbye to the hassle of managing users one by one. Now, select multiple users at once and view their appointments in a single glance.

### 

## **Multi-Calendar View**

Simplify your schedule by choosing different calendars and consolidating all their appointments into one unified display. No more switching between calendars—everything you need is in one place.

## **Multi-Group View**

Select multiple groups effortlessly. All the appointments within these groups will overlay on your calendar, providing a comprehensive overview of your day.

## **Color Coding for Clarity**

**Users** : Each user's appointments are color-coded, allowing you to distinguish schedules at a glance.

**Groups and Calendars:** Appointments are displayed in colors based on your customized settings, ensuring easy identification.

### **Annotation Key Added**

Added the new annotations key with definitions for users to easily understand different icons and patterns used for events

## **Intuitive Icons**

Recognize events instantly with our new icons:

## **Persistent Multi-Select**

Your selected calendars and users are remembered, so when you return, your preferred view is just a click away.

## **Additional Info on Hover**

Hover over any appointment for a detailed snapshot, including event type, title, start, and end times. No need to click—stay informed with a simple hover.

Our enhanced calendar features are meticulously designed to save you time and reduce the hassle associated with appointment management. Spend less time navigating schedules and more time focusing on what truly matters—providing exceptional service to your clients.

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Consent checkbox for compliance](/support/solutions/articles/155000001032-consent-checkbox-for-compliance)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)

## You may like to read -

  * [iCloud - How to Integrate iCloud with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002370-icloud-how-to-integrate-icloud-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [How to Use Service Calendars in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003048-how-to-use-service-calendars-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [How to Switch Contacts and Use Custom Values in the Mobile App Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000003074-how-to-switch-contacts-and-use-custom-values-in-the-mobile-app-calendar)
  * [How to Use POS with Your Service Calendar in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003445-how-to-use-pos-with-your-service-calendar-in-the-mobile-app)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
