Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager

Modified on: Mon, 26 Aug, 2024 at 5:49 AM

Ad Manager allows you to run the ad campaigns on Facebook. Your Facebook Ads campaign is entirely in your control: design your ad content, choose a monthly budget and set a specific target audience with geography and interests. 

    Few Prerequisite for Ad Manager - 
    
    1. Selection of a pricing model from Agency view > Reselling is the first step in accessing Ad Manager. It is best to set the reselling offer of Ad Manager to sub-accounts before proceeding further.
    
    2. Toggling ON/OFF Ad Manager for a sub-account will ensure the visibility of Ad Manager tab under sub-account > marketing. It is ON by default for all the sub-accounts once agency has opted for a pricing model.
    
    3. Ad Manager can be enabled for the sub-account by the agency and for every user, it can be enabled from staff > permissions of Ad Manager.
    
    4. In Ad Manager, the first step is to connect multiple Facebook page by logging into your Facebook account via LeadConnector App. Ad Manager allows connecting multiple Facebook pages. 

    [](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/155026222060/original/LhpuVuISZi-a7yG6dnW1REJeGL4lg4BTyQ.gif?1715969930)

### **Step 1 | Ad Content  **

    This step is same for both 'Default Ad Manager' and 'Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager' pricing models.

In the step 1, there are three main things the focus on. The three areas are goal/objective, placement and ad content. 

1\. Objective - The first step to building a Facebook Ads campaign is to choose a goal that's most important for your business/brand building. Depending on the goal you choose - **Lead Generation or Website Traffic**. 

  * The goal objective with Lead Generation is achieved using the Facebook form integration, the user can create their new forms or utilise the other forms. [Learn How to create the Facebook Form in Ad Manager]  

  * The other objective of Website Traffic allows drive visitors to the landing page url.  

Note - If you are running an ad campaign for employment, housing, online gaming and gambling, credit and politics; it falls under special ad category, ensure to select the appropriate category from the list to comply with local laws and regulations for smooth campaign review.  

    * After adding the objective, it allows user to select the button from dropdown.  

2\. Placement - The places where you can run your ads are called placements.Automatic placements enable us to get the best results available from across all default placements based on budget allocated and help control costs. Manual placements allows user to select the places where they would like to show the ads for brand safety and optimisation.

  * The user can enable the toggle to get the automatic placement, if the toggle is disabled it will allow you to choose the option of placements.   

3\. Ad Content - It will user to add the primary text, headline, description and media like image(s) and video(s). 

  * Primary text is optional, the recommended character is 125 characters
  * Headline is required field for ad campaign, the recommended character is 40 characters
  * Description is optional, the recommended character is 30 characters. 
  * Images are allowed upto 8MB and Video are allowed upto 1GB.  

### **Step 2 | Budget and Audience**

In step 2, there is option to setup the monthly budget, geography and other optional settings.

  1.  Monthly Budget - The campaign manager can setup a monthly budget for the campaign, this will work as subscription. The budget will show each day division along with the average views. Monthly budget can be increased or decreased by renewing subscription. 

  * Note - For the first month, there is limit of 3500$ per sub-account for ad campaign. It will gradually increase for each month relevant to HL plan.

  1. Geography - Campaign can be adjusted to run for specific location or can exclude a specific location in certain country/state.  

  2.  Optional Settings of Interest, Gender, Language and Age group - The user can add more specific setup for each option like

  * Interest - User can add multiple interest relevant to attract visitors selecting the relevant or similar interest.
  * Gender - User can select the option of All, Men and Women. The default will be All for Gender.
  * Language - By default it will show English, user can add their relevant languages like German, French or any other. 
  * Age Group - If the ad campaign is for specific age group, the minimum for 18 and maximum for 65. [Note - You can't select a minimum age below 18 globally, 20 in Indonesia or 21 in Thailand]  

###   
  
**Step 3 | Review and Publish**

     This step is same for both 'Default Ad Manager' and 'Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager' pricing models.

Once the content, monthly budget and other settings are completed, the user should review all the details before making the ad campaign for publishing or keep in draft until you are ready to make ad campaign live.  

### **Final Step | Making Subscription Payment(Default Ad Manager)**

     This step is only applicable if you've selected the Default Ad Manager as your pricing model.

Once the ad campaign is all set to go live, the next thing is to add the card details and make the payment to allow the monthly subscription. Your monthly subscription includes your ad spend and the subscription fee for Ad manager takes to run your ads and optimise your campaign.

Your campaign now goes into review for Ad Manager and Facebook approval goes in "Review" status. This process could take up to 10mins to 72 hours. 

Note - For better optimisation, it is better to send the conversion events by setting up the pixel.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Connect Facebook with Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003044-connect-facebook-with-ad-manager)
  * [How to set up Facebook Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001204042-how-to-set-up-facebook-ad-reporting)
  * [Troubleshooting Facebook Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001220950-troubleshooting-facebook-ad-reporting)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
