Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/48000455557)
  4. [Payouts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000864)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/48000455557)
     * [Payouts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000864)
  6. How to add/link Affiliate's Paypal Account for Payouts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to add/link Affiliate's Paypal Account for Payouts

Modified on: Tue, 1 Oct, 2024 at 5:32 AM

### **More Tutorials from the Community**

<https://youtu.be/5gxlq_KJifE>

Both Admins and Affiliates can easily add PayPal as a payout method. Follow the steps below:

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * For Admins
      * Step 1: Go to Affiliate's Profile Page
      * Step 2: Navigate to Payout Method Tab
      * Step 3: Add Payout Method
      * Step 4: Enter Affiliate's PayPal Email ID
      * Step 5: Click Done
    * For Affiliates
      * Step 1: Access Affiliate Portal
      * Step 2: Navigate to Commissions Tab
      * Step 3: Add Payout Method
      * Step 4: Enter PayPal Email ID
      * Step 5: Click Done
    * Related Articles

* * *

## **For Admins**

### **Step 1: Go to Affiliate's Profile Page**

  * Access the Affiliate's profile page in the Affiliate Manager.  

### **Step 2: Navigate to Payout Method Tab**

  * Scroll down and switch to the "Payout Methods" tab.

### **Step 3: Add Payout Method**

  * Click on "Add Payout Method."

### **Step 4: Enter Affiliate's PayPal Email ID**

  * Enter the affiliate's valid PayPal email ID.

### **Step 5: Click Done**

  * Once entered, click on "Done" to save the PayPal payout method.

* * *

## **For Affiliates**

### **Step 1: Access Affiliate Portal**

  * Affiliates can log in to their portal using the magic link provided.  

### **Step 2: Navigate to Commissions Tab**

  * Switch to the "Commissions" tab within the portal.

### **Step 3: Add Payout Method**

  * Click on "Add Payout Method."

### **Step 4: Enter PayPal Email ID**

  * Enter valid PayPal email ID.

### **Step 5: Click Done**

  * Once entered, click on "Done" to save the PayPal payout method.

    **Please Note:** Currently, PayPal APIs do not support account validation, so please exercise caution and ensure that valid PayPal email IDs are added for the affiliates.

* * *

## **What's Next:**

  * [How to Set Up and Pay Affiliates Using PayPal Auto Payouts](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000003658-how-to-set-up-and-pay-affiliates-using-paypal-auto-payouts)
  * [FAQs for Affiliate Payouts](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000003661-faqs-for-affiliate-payouts)

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Manage Affiliate Payouts and Commissions](/support/solutions/articles/155000003655-how-to-manage-affiliate-payouts-and-commissions)
  * [What Payment Gateways supported in Affiliate manager for Product Sales?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003656-what-payment-gateways-supported-in-affiliate-manager-for-product-sales-)
  * [How to pay your Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003657-how-to-pay-your-affiliates)
  * [How to Set Up and Pay Affiliates Using PayPal Auto Payouts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003658-how-to-set-up-and-pay-affiliates-using-paypal-auto-payouts)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to pay your Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003657-how-to-pay-your-affiliates)
  * [How to Set Up and Pay Affiliates Using PayPal Auto Payouts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003658-how-to-set-up-and-pay-affiliates-using-paypal-auto-payouts)
  * [FAQs for Affiliate Payouts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003661-faqs-for-affiliate-payouts)
  * [What Payment Gateways supported in Affiliate manager for Product Sales?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003656-what-payment-gateways-supported-in-affiliate-manager-for-product-sales-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
