Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Template Library](/support/solutions/folders/48000687583)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Template Library](/support/solutions/folders/48000687583)
  6. How to hide default or GHL templates from template library?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to hide default or GHL templates from template library?

Modified on: Fri, 6 Sep, 2024 at 8:28 AM

We’re excited to introduce a new feature for agency admins: the ability to hide default templates added by the GHL team! This enhancement allows you to customize the template library, ensuring a cleaner, more tailored experience for your sub-accounts. Now, you can focus on the templates that best suit your needs and provide a smoother, more organized workflow for your clients.  
  
**Benefits** :

  1. Time-Saving:

 Hide multiple templates at once, reducing manual effort.
  2. Improved Organization:

 Keep the Template Library clean and focused by hiding unused categories.
  3. Enhanced Control: 

Admins can easily manage and review hidden templates.

How to Use It?

  1. Navigate to the Template Library.
  2. Click on Settings.

  3. Choose the category to hide and enables the toggle to hide it.

  4. To unhide, simply turn the toggle off again.
  5. Hidden templates will be highlighted for the admin.

  6. Admins can use the Hidden Templates filter to see a summary of all hidden templates.  

**FAQs**  
  
**1\. Can users delete GHL templates?**  
**- > **No, they can hide the GHL templates which would be visible under Hidden Templates  
  
**2\. Can users see all GHL templates at once?**  
**- > **Yes, Admin can see all GHL templates by clicking on the Default Template filter. The users however in account view would not be able to distinguish the GHL templates vs the agency templates

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How does the Template Library work?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236650-how-does-the-template-library-work-)
  * [How to add your own template in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001304-how-to-add-your-own-template-in-template-library-)
  * [How to clone templates in template library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001458-how-to-clone-templates-in-template-library-)
  * [How to add descriptions to your templates?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001459-how-to-add-descriptions-to-your-templates-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to add your email templates in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003186-how-to-add-your-email-templates-in-template-library-)
  * [How to add your own template in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001304-how-to-add-your-own-template-in-template-library-)
  * [How to manage categories, types and tags?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003112-how-to-manage-categories-types-and-tags-)
  * [Ad Manager: Create Ad campaigns using templates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003502-ad-manager-create-ad-campaigns-using-templates)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
