Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  6. How to duplicate a dashboard to another sub-account

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to duplicate a dashboard to another sub-account

Modified on: Fri, 15 Dec, 2023 at 12:23 AM

Great news for Agency Admins! Now, you can effortlessly duplicate dashboards to different sub-account, saving time and streamlining your reporting process. This guide walks you through the simple steps to clone dashboards, ensuring a smooth transition and providing valuable insights for sub-accounts.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

      * Step 1: Access the dashboard menu
      * Step 2: Choose "Duplicate to another sub-account"
      * Step 3: Customize the duplicate dashboard name
      * Step 4: Select the target sub-account
      * Step 5: Click duplicate
      * Step 6: Edit widgets with missing custom values
      * Step 7: Save changes, and you're ready to roll!
    * Note:
    * What's Next:

* * *

### **Step 1: Access the dashboard menu**

  * Click on the three-dot menu of a dashboard.

### **Step 2: Choose "Duplicate to another sub-account"**

  * Select the option to duplicate the dashboard to a different sub-account.

### **Step 3: Customize the duplicate dashboard name**

  * Change the name of the duplicated dashboard as per your requirement.

### **Step 4: Select the target sub-account**

  * Search and choose the sub-account where you want to duplicate the dashboard.

### **Step 5: Click duplicate**

  * Execute the duplication process.

  * Navigate to the new sub-account to view the duplicate dashboard.

### **Step 6: Edit widgets with missing custom values**

  * If there were any custom values or fields on the original dashboard, those will not be copied to the duplicate, and you will see an error banner informing you about this.

  * Widgets where such values and fields are missing will be highlighted in red.

  * You can edit those widgets and update the required values and filters.

  * Once done, click save, and the error state will disappear

### **Step 7:**Save changes, and you're ready to roll!****

  * Ensure to save any changes made during the duplication process.

* * *

## **Note:**

_Wondering which plan unlocks the customizable multiple Dashboards?_

It's currently available exclusively for the $497 plan and beyond. If you're on the $97 or $297 plan, we recommend leveling up to unlock this feature. 

* * *

## **What's Next:**

  * [How to Edit a dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001536)
  * [How to pin dashboards as favourite](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001535)
  * [How to manage permissions for a dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001532)

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Dashboard: Opportunities, Pipeline Value, Conversion Rate, Funnel, Stages Distribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001152117-dashboard-opportunities-pipeline-value-conversion-rate-funnel-stages-distribution)
  * [Dashboard Funnel chart opportunities explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181826-dashboard-funnel-chart-opportunities-explained)
  * [Lead source report explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181830-lead-source-report-explained)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to manage permissions for a dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001532-how-to-manage-permissions-for-a-dashboard)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)
  * [How to Edit a dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001536-how-to-edit-a-dashboard)
  * [How to create multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001531-how-to-create-multiple-dashboards)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
