Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Smart Lists](/support/solutions/folders/48000666017)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Smart Lists](/support/solutions/folders/48000666017)
  6. How to delete a contact and associated contact data

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to delete a contact and associated contact data

Modified on: Tue, 23 Jul, 2024 at 12:29 PM

**This guide helps you to select multiple contacts and delete them.** Please note that only Admins are able to delete contacts and associated data. Account Users are not able to do so at this time, to ensure the security of your data.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Step 1: To delete a contact, please head into your 'Sub-account' > Click on 'Contacts' > Select or search for the contact(s) that you wish to delete > Click on 'Trashcan" icon
  * Step 2: Confirm the contacts being deleted and enter "DELETE" in the text box
  * Step 3: Check the Stats of the Bulk Delete in the "Bulk Actions" page

* * *

#### **Step 1: To delete a contact, please head into your 'Sub-account' > Click on 'Contacts' > Select or search for the contact(s) that you wish to delete > Click on 'Trashcan" icon**

### **Step 2: Confirm the contacts being deleted and enter "DELETE" in the text box**

### 

    Deleted contacts can only be restored within 2 months

###   

### **Step 3: Check the Stats of the Bulk Delete in the "Bulk Actions" page**

* * *

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Adding Files To Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48001171922-adding-files-to-contacts)
  * [Allow duplicate contact explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181714-allow-duplicate-contact-explained)
  * [Automatically Merge Facebook Messenger Contacts With Lead Ad Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48001146104-automatically-merge-facebook-messenger-contacts-with-lead-ad-contacts)
  * [Birthdays And How To Sort Contacts By Age](/support/solutions/articles/48001077108-birthdays-and-how-to-sort-contacts-by-age)

## You may like to read -

  * [Associating Contacts using Custom Labels](/support/solutions/articles/155000003918-associating-contacts-using-custom-labels)
  * [Company Object Automation](/support/solutions/articles/48001228591-company-object-automation)
  * [Calendly - How to Integrate Calendly with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002373-calendly-how-to-integrate-calendly-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [How to use Custom Fields for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000521-how-to-use-custom-fields-for-opportunities)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
