Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Getting Started w/ Workflows](/support/solutions/folders/155000000735)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Getting Started w/ Workflows](/support/solutions/folders/155000000735)
  6. Workflow - Oauth2 in Custom Webhook

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow - Oauth2 in Custom Webhook

Modified on: Wed, 23 Oct, 2024 at 12:32 AM

**OAuth2 support for Custom Webhooks**

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * How it works:

### **Overview**  
OAuth2 is one of the most important and widely used authorization methods. It is usually employed for large APIs since it is extremely secure.  
With OAuth2 authorization, users will be able to integrate with a large quantity of APIs, such as Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, and others. All these integrations will open a world of possibilities for the product.

### **How it works:**

  * The user will able to select the OAuth2 as an authorization option in Custom Webhook action.

  * With this option selected, they can select an existing token or request a new one.

  * To Manage the tokens go to "Global Workflow Settings". There is a section named "Manage Tokens" which can be used to manage the tokens.
  * Click on the "Manage Token", a new pop up screen will open. with the list of all the tokens.
  * You can "Update" and "Delete" the tokens from here.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Workflow Notes, Action Notes & Sticky Notes](/support/solutions/articles/155000003914-workflow-notes-action-notes-sticky-notes)
  * [Workflows Starter Plus Plan - Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000003971-workflows-starter-plus-plan-pricing)
  * [Workflows - Advanced Filters & Smart List](/support/solutions/articles/155000003974-workflows-advanced-filters-smart-list)

## You may like to read -

  * [Actions - Custom webhook](/support/solutions/articles/155000003305-actions-custom-webhook)
  * [How to use the Custom Webhook LC Premium Workflow Action?](/support/solutions/articles/48001238167-how-to-use-the-custom-webhook-lc-premium-workflow-action-)
  * [Actions - Webhook](/support/solutions/articles/155000003299-actions-webhook)
  * [Workflow - Array Functions Premium Action](/support/solutions/articles/155000001466-workflow-array-functions-premium-action)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
