Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Campaigns](/support/solutions/folders/48000665900)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Campaigns](/support/solutions/folders/48000665900)
  6. How to personalize you campaigns with conditional element

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to personalize you campaigns with conditional element

Modified on: Fri, 25 Oct, 2024 at 4:36 PM

###   

### Use conditional element to effortlessly personalize your campaigns.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Use conditional element to effortlessly personalize your campaigns.
  * When Can You Use Them?
  * Benefits
  * How to Use Conditional Elements:

###   

**What is a Conditional Element?**  
A conditional element allows you to display content—such as images or text—only if a contact meets certain criteria. This enables you to tailor your messaging to individual contacts automatically.

###   
**When Can You Use Them?**

  1. **Location-based content** : Display different images or offers depending on a contact’s geographic location.
  2. **Field-based text** : Change a text element based on specific contact fields, like their job title or interests.

###   
**Benefits**

  1. **Personalization** : Make your campaigns more relevant by showing customized content to each contact.
  2. **Time-Saving** : Avoid the need to create smart lists and separate campaigns—use one campaign with conditional elements instead.
  3. **Increased Engagement** : Showing content that's personalized to each recipient increases the likelihood of higher click-through rates, responses, and conversions.

  4. **Simplified Campaign Management** : Instead of juggling various lists and campaigns, manage all variations of content in one place, reducing complexity and chances for error.

###   
**How to Use Conditional Elements** :

  * Go to **Marketing** > **Email Marketing**.
  * Create an email campaign or template.
  * Select any element and go to the **Visibility** tab.
  * Enable the **Conditional Element** toggle.
  * Set the conditions based on contact fields.
  * Alternatively, click on the **Conditional Element** icon in the element overlay action to add conditions easily.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to personalize you campaigns with conditional element](/support/solutions/articles/155000003903-how-to-personalize-you-campaigns-with-conditional-element)
  * [Using the Inline Forms/ Surveys Element in email campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003912-using-the-inline-forms-surveys-element-in-email-campaign)
  * [How to analyze workflow campaigns?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003902-how-to-analyze-workflow-campaigns-)
  * [How To Build SMS Opt-In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001170758-how-to-build-sms-opt-in-campaigns)

## You may like to read -

  * [A Guide to Email Attribution Settings: How to customize it?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001700-a-guide-to-email-attribution-settings-how-to-customize-it-)
  * [Image Slider Element for Engaging Web Design](/support/solutions/articles/155000001066-image-slider-element-for-engaging-web-design)
  * [How to save items in email builder for quick access?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002467-how-to-save-items-in-email-builder-for-quick-access-)
  * [Understanding ROI Conversion Metrics for Tracking Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/155000001701-understanding-roi-conversion-metrics-for-tracking-email-campaigns)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
