Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
  4. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  6. Split Columns Support: Documents & Contracts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Split Columns Support: Documents & Contracts

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 6:04 PM

[](https://highlevel.canny.io/admin/changelog/split-columns-support-documents-contracts/edit)

What’s New?

  * Split Column Functionality is now available in Documents and Contracts.
  * Users can drag and drop elements side by side to automatically create columns, allowing for better organization and layout.
  * This feature improves the presentation of information, making it easier to create clear and professional documents.

How to Use It:

  * Drag an element (such as text, an image, or a table) next to another element in the document editor to create a split column layout.

Why We Built It:

  * We developed this feature to offer users greater flexibility in document design.
  * It addresses the need for enhanced formatting options, helping users create clearer, more organized proposals and contracts.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)
  * [Automatic invoice creation after Document/Contract is signed](/support/solutions/articles/155000001299-automatic-invoice-creation-after-document-contract-is-signed)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001300-multiple-recipient-support-on-documents-contracts)

## You may like to read -

  * [Create document/contract templates and send them automatically inside a workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000001301-create-document-contract-templates-and-send-them-automatically-inside-a-workflow)
  * [How to Use Documents and Contracts in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000002733-how-to-use-documents-and-contracts-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)
  * [Easy Management of Documents and Contracts within Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002526-easy-management-of-documents-and-contracts-within-contacts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
