Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to Print Packing Slips for Your Ecommerce Orders

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Print Packing Slips for Your Ecommerce Orders

Modified on: Tue, 20 Aug, 2024 at 9:23 AM

Store owners can now streamline their order fulfillment process by generating packing slips for any ecommerce store order. This new feature allows you to print labels for entire orders or for specific items during fulfillment. The generated labels will include:

  * Order ID
  * Order Date
  * Store Name
  * Shipping Address & Billing Address
  * Itemized List of Products with: 
  * Variant Name, Product Image, Quantities

  * Sender's Address (Store Address)

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to use
  * Notes:
  * Images:

## **How to use**

  * Store owners can access the print packing slips feature at: Payments > Orders > Select any Store order > "Print Shipping Label."
  * Packing slips can be generated from two places:

  1. Order details page: Click the "Print Shipping Label" button to download a PDF with all unfulfilled and fulfilled orders on separate pages.
  2. Fulfilment of order: During fulfilment, selected items and quantities will be listed, and clicking the "Print Shipping Label" button will generate the shipping label for those items.

## **Notes:**

  * Packing slips can only be generated for ecommerce store orders.
  * For orders with multiple partial fulfillments, each fulfillment will list the items on a separate page when generating packing slips.
  * Currently, the billing and shipping addresses are the same on packing slips. This will be editable once the billing address field is released on the checkout page.

## **Images:**

Order details page:

At the time of Fulfilment:

After Fulfilment:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to print shipping labels or packing slips for my store orders?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002943-how-to-print-shipping-labels-or-packing-slips-for-my-store-orders-)
  * [How to use Printful Integration with your Ecommerce Store?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002442-how-to-use-printful-integration-with-your-ecommerce-store-)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [How to Sell Your Subscription Based Services & Recurring Products in Your GHL Ecom Store](/support/solutions/articles/155000002833-how-to-sell-your-subscription-based-services-recurring-products-in-your-ghl-ecom-store)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
