Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/48000450445)
  4. [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/folders/48000668553)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/48000450445)
     * [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/folders/48000668553)
  6. Configure Marketplace App Listing Type

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Configure Marketplace App Listing Type

Modified on: Sat, 13 Jan, 2024 at 4:16 AM

Configure Your App Listing Type for Visibility in Highlevel Accounts.

This can be selected while creating the app for the first time.  
  
**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Type: Standard
  * Type: White-Label

# Type: Standard

Standard apps are visible at both the agency and sub-account levels under the Highlevel domain, depending on their distribution type. These apps are not visible at the agency and sub-account levels under white-label domains.

# Type: White-Label

White-label apps are visible at the agency and sub-account levels under both white-label and non-white-label domains, according to their distribution type. These apps must not contain any references to Highlevel or Gohighlevel in their app properties, details, or on the company website. Any such references will result in disapproval during the app review process by the marketplace team.

Agencies and sub-accounts under white-label domains will only be able to install these apps. Given the nature of their type, white-label verified apps tend to have a broader reach as they are listed for both white-label and non-white-label agencies and sub-accounts. Therefore, it is recommended to fully white-label your app for maximum visibility.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [HighLevel API](/support/solutions/articles/48001060529-highlevel-api)
  * [How to update your API keys](/support/solutions/articles/48001205369-how-to-update-your-api-keys)
  * [How to Use Webhook.site to Troubleshoot your API Requests](/support/solutions/articles/48001212085-how-to-use-webhook-site-to-troubleshoot-your-api-requests)
  * [How to get started with the Developer's Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000000136-how-to-get-started-with-the-developer-s-marketplace)

## You may like to read -

  * [Marketplace App Distribution Type](/support/solutions/articles/155000002141-marketplace-app-distribution-type)
  * [One-Time Pricing Model in the App Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000003674-one-time-pricing-model-in-the-app-marketplace)
  * [Agency-Level Marketplace Apps Installation](/support/solutions/articles/155000001057-agency-level-marketplace-apps-installation)
  * [How to get started with the Developer's Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000000136-how-to-get-started-with-the-developer-s-marketplace)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
