Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [A2P registration](/support/solutions/folders/155000000021)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [A2P registration](/support/solutions/folders/155000000021)
  6. List of campaign use case types for A2P 10DLC registration

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# List of campaign use case types for A2P 10DLC registration

Modified on: Tue, 27 Jun, 2023 at 10:33 AM

The tables below show campaign use case types that will be available for registration under United States A2P 10DLC. Please note, the current maximum Campaigns per Use Case limits are as follows:

  * 100 for NonProfit and Government Brands

  * 200 for Private and Public Profit Brands

For extensive details about A2P 10DLC, deadlines, registration requirements, and more, see [What is A2P 10DLC?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001238163-what-is-a2p-10dlc-P-10DLC-)

For fee details, see What pricing and fees are associated with the A2P 10DLC service?

### Standard Campaign Use Cases

The following table contains the list of standard campaign use cases that will be available within US A2P when registration launches. For details see [What is A2P 10DLC?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001238163-what-is-a2p-10dlc-P-10DLC-)

Table 1: List of standard campaign use cases

Campaign use case(registered on your Messaging Service)| Description  
---|---  
2FA| Any authentication or account verification such as OTP  
Account Notifications| Notifications about the status of an account or related to being a part of an account  
Customer Care| Support, account management, and other avenues of customer interaction  
Delivery Notifications| Information about the status of a delivery  
Fraud Alert Messaging| Messaging about potential fraudulent activity such as spending alerts  
Higher Education| Message campaigns from colleges, universities, and other education institutions  
Marketing| Promotional content such as sales and limited time offers  
Mixed| A campaign that covers multiple use cases such as Customer Care and Delivery Notifications.  Note - mixed campaigns are likely to have lower throughput and a higher cost per message. NOTE: Low-Volume Brands are eligible for the Low-Volume Mixed use case detailed below.   
Polling and voting| For conducting polling and voting, such as customer surveys. Not for political use.  
Public Service Announcement| PSAs to raise audience awareness about a given topic  
Security Alert| Notification of a compromised system (software or hardware related)  
  
### Special Campaign Use Cases

There are some use cases that carriers consider "Special," with additional requirements and (in some cases) different fees. These include Charity / 501(c)(3) Nonprofit, Emergency Services, and Political use cases, among others. 

### Low-Volume Use Cases

In addition to the standard "Mixed/Marketing" use case, there is a separate Campaign use case designated as"Low Volume Mixed"– this option supports the same multiple use cases, but has a lower monthly fee than a standard Campaign and is fixed at the lowest throughput tier below, regardless of your Trust Score.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [US Phone Number Registrations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002380-us-phone-number-registrations)
  * [[A2P Registration] Opt-In Form - Terms and Conditions Guidelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001426--a2p-registration-opt-in-form-terms-and-conditions-guidelines)
  * [A2P 10DLC Brand Approval Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000000508-a2p-10dlc-brand-approval-best-practices)
  * [A2P Sole Proprietor Brands Registration](/support/solutions/articles/155000000340-a2p-sole-proprietor-brands-registration)

## You may like to read -

  * [A2P 10DLC Campaign Approval Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/48001229784-a2p-10dlc-campaign-approval-best-practices)
  * [A2P 10DLC Brand Approval Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000000508-a2p-10dlc-brand-approval-best-practices)
  * [Pricing and Fees for the A2P 10DLC Service](/support/solutions/articles/155000000234-pricing-and-fees-for-the-a2p-10dlc-service)
  * [LC Phone System Trust Center](/support/solutions/articles/48001225526-lc-phone-system-trust-center)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
