Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [App Marketplace](/support/solutions/155000000049)
  4. [Snapshots in App Marketplace](/support/solutions/folders/155000000819)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [App Marketplace](/support/solutions/155000000049)
     * [Snapshots in App Marketplace](/support/solutions/folders/155000000819)
  6. How to sell Snapshots on the App Marketplace?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to sell Snapshots on the App Marketplace?

Modified on: Tue, 15 Oct, 2024 at 2:47 AM

Welcome to the App Marketplace! We're excited that you'd wish to sell your snapshot on the App Marketplace! This document will help you with everything you need to know to sell your snapshots on the App Marketplace!

## Step 1: Sign up as a developer on the App Marketplace

[](https://marketplace.gohighlevel.com)Create your developer account on the App Marketplace. 

[](https://marketplace.gohighlevel.com/signup)  

## Step 2: Create and launch your app on the Marketplace

##   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to get snapshot URL?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003380-how-to-get-snapshot-url-)
  * [How to sell Snapshots on the App Marketplace?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003709-how-to-sell-snapshots-on-the-app-marketplace-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to get snapshot URL?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003380-how-to-get-snapshot-url-)
  * [IP Protected Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/155000002852-ip-protected-snapshots)
  * [How to get started with the Developer's Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000000136-how-to-get-started-with-the-developer-s-marketplace)
  * [One-Time Pricing Model in the App Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000003674-one-time-pricing-model-in-the-app-marketplace)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
