Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Custom Objects.](/support/solutions/155000000183)
  4. [Managing Custom Object Records](/support/solutions/folders/155000000896)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Custom Objects.](/support/solutions/155000000183)
     * [Managing Custom Object Records](/support/solutions/folders/155000000896)
  6. List View for Custom Objects

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# List View for Custom Objects

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 12:12 PM

The **List View** for Custom Objects transforms how you can interact with your data by providing a detailed, streamlined, and customizable view. Here’s what you can do with it:

    Custom Objects feature is available only on the $497 plan

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Feature List:
    * Custom Objects in a Listed View
    * Sorting Across Fields
    * Customizable Fields

* * *

## Feature List:

### Custom Objects in a Listed View

See all your custom object records organized in a clear, tabular format, making it easier to scan through and locate the information you need quickly. 

### Sorting Across Fields

Easily sort your opportunities by any field, allowing you to prioritize and manage them more effectively.  

### Customizable Fields

Choose which fields to display in your list view. You can also resize and rearrange the fields as needed to tailor the view to your preferences including the associated fields.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Custom Object Audit Logs](/support/solutions/articles/155000003844-custom-object-audit-logs)
  * [Advanced Filters for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004013-advanced-filters-for-custom-objects)
  * [List View for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004029-list-view-for-custom-objects)

## You may like to read -

  * [Custom Object Audit Logs](/support/solutions/articles/155000003844-custom-object-audit-logs)
  * [Associations for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004033-associations-for-custom-objects)
  * [Creating and Updating Custom Object Records](/support/solutions/articles/155000004023-creating-and-updating-custom-object-records)
  * [Advanced Filters for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004013-advanced-filters-for-custom-objects)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
