Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. Ad Manager settings

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Ad Manager settings

Modified on: Mon, 26 Aug, 2024 at 3:47 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Where to find Ad Manager settings?
    * Integrations tab
    * Pages Tab
    * Conversions tab

* * *

In this article, we will be highlighting the importance of Ad Manager settings and what all operations can be performed using this section of Ad Manager. 

## **Where to find Ad Manager settings?**

You can go to Ad Manager settings by clicking the settings icon (highlighted in the screenshot below) on the Ad Manager home page.

There are three main tabs present under ad manager settings, namely '**Integrations** ', '**Pages** ' and '**Conversions** ' with each having a specific function or the information they hold.

    **Note:  **The Ad Manager settings section remains same for both the pricing plans with one exception of Integrations tab missing for Default Ad manager as we do not need an ad account connection for it because we create child Business Manager for the user to use Ad Manager and publish ads by having card on file with us.

* * *

### **Integrations tab**

Under integrations tab, user can find the Meta Ad account details which was connected with Ad Manager during the initial Facebook - Ad Manager integration phase.

    **Note:**  Currently we support integration of a single Meta Ad account with Ad Manager but going forward with future releases there will be an option to add more than one Ad account to Ad Manager.

User has an option to remove the ad account by clicking on the delete button if they want to add another ad account in place of the already connected one. If they choose to delete the ad account, a prompt will be shown to the user for confirmation and all the campaigns which are present in Ad manager will no longer be visible.

On click of 'Back' button after deleting the Ad account, user will be navigated to the onboarding page to connect an ad account to continue using ad manager as having a Meta Ad account connected is a pre-requisite to use Ad Manager with Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager plan.

    **Please Note:** On connecting the same Ad account back to Ad Manager, all the campaigns and pages connected with the Ad Manager will be retrieved and no data will be lost.

* * *

### **Pages Tab**

Under pages tab, you can see the list all the Facebook pages connected by you with an option to add or delete pages by clicking on "Connect Facebook page(s)" and delete button respectively.

Once you click on the "Delete" icon in line with the connected Facebook page, you will be prompted that this action cannot be undone and once confirmed, the chosen page will be delinked from Ad Manager and no future ads can be published on that page from Ad Manager. Although the ads already published on that page will not be affected and will remain to be present in Facebook but they cannot be manipulated from Ad Manager.

    **Note:  **The delinked FB page, if again connected to Ad Manager, all the campaigns which were created on that page us using Ad Manager will again start reflecting in the campaign details section.

If you want to connect another page with Ad Manager, click on the "Connect Facebook page(s) button and a modal opens up with a list of Facebook pages associated with the connected Business Manager for you to select the one you wish to connect.

* * *

### **Conversions tab**

Under conversions tab, you can see all the pixels which are brought in from the connected Meta Ad account along with the one created under Ad Manager using the "Create new conversion pixel" button.

On click of the Create new conversion pixel button, a dialog opens up asking you to name the pixel. The pixel ID and code are generated by us automatically for ease of use while creating workflows to send back CAPI events to Facebook.

    **Note:  **As of now, only one pixel can be created using Ad Manager and it can be used for both Lead and Funnel events without any restrictions from Facebook.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [Ad Manager Permission and Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000002440-ad-manager-permission-and-pricing)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Ad Manager settings: Audiences tab](/support/solutions/articles/155000003433-ad-manager-settings-audiences-tab)
  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
