Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Round Robin Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000699)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Round Robin Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000699)
  6. Round Robin Calendars Appointment Distribution Logic

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Round Robin Calendars Appointment Distribution Logic

Modified on: Wed, 10 Jan, 2024 at 10:30 AM

### More Tutorials From the Community

<https://youtu.be/x7ADBvcjoqY>

<https://youtu.be/BOzRUFylbiM>

<https://youtu.be/AWUVwKyNxXM>

<https://youtu.be/7Vj-JE2WZak>

<https://youtu.be/4lh4jP2jhzU>

With the Round Robin Event Type, you can provide customers with more available time slots while efficiently handling your team's workload. It automatically assigns new meetings to team members, eliminating the need for manual assignments and saving you time

**In this article**

  * How Round Robin scheduling works
  * Round Robin Calendar Logic
    * Optimize for availability
    * Optimize for equal distribution

**Related Articles:**

  * [How to create Round Robin Calendars ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001485-how-to-create-a-round-robin-calendar)

* * *

# How Round Robin scheduling works

When a new meeting request comes in using the Round Robin Event Type in GHL, our system checks the availability of each connected team member. GHL then automatically assigns the meeting using customizable Round Robin event logic. This means no more back-and-forth emails to confirm meeting times! This streamlined process reduces the time gap between receiving meeting requests and team members being able to follow up, making our response time even faster.

# Round Robin Calendar Logic

You can configure Round Robin automated meeting assignments in two ways:

## Optimize for availability

Boosting availability is like supercharging the customer experience – it means more time options for folks wanting to meet and less time waiting around. Imagine all your team's free time slots combined into one big pool. When someone picks a time, GHL automatically hands the meeting off to the next available team member.

Now, let's say there's more than one available person at the selected time. GHL lets you decide who gets the meeting first. This cool feature helps you manage your team automatically and respond quickly, all while achieving different team goals:

1\. Send meetings to someone who needs more chances to hit their monthly goal.

2\. Give a new team member a chance to build their skills or customer base.

3\. Make sure reps with specific know-how are available for certain meetings.

4\. Boost engagement by sending inquiries to team members who speak the preferred language.

Setting team member priorities is easy – just select the priority from the drop down next to their names when editing the Event Type. And if a few team members have the same priority, the meeting goes to the person who hasn't had a scheduled meeting in the longest time.

> If there are 2 users available with the same priority in that case the system would check for the total appointments booked for the users in the last 24 hours and then whoever has lesser appointments would be picked for booking the new appointment. 

## Optimize for equal distribution

Choosing equal distribution means spreading out meetings evenly among the team. GHL keeps an eye on how many meetings each person gets. If one team member has way more meetings than the others in the last 24 hours, they won't get assigned any more until their teammates catch up. 

Opting for equal distribution ensures a fantastic customer experience while automatically balancing workloads among your team members. By evenly spreading out meeting assignments, everyone gets fair chances to connect with customers. This approach also prevents burnout by ensuring no team member is overwhelmed with too many assignments.

> The system checks for the total appointments booked for the users in the last 24 hours and then whoever has lesser appointments would be picked for booking the new appointment.

    When optimizing for equal distribution, some time slots may not be offered if the only available team members have received too many meetings.

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Create Round Robin Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000001485-how-to-create-round-robin-calendars)
  * [Team Member Assignment (Round Robin Calendar)](/support/solutions/articles/155000002711-team-member-assignment-round-robin-calendar-)
  * [How to configure Staff Member selection in Round Robin Calendars?](/support/solutions/articles/48001239842-how-to-configure-staff-member-selection-in-round-robin-calendars-)
  * [Round Robin Calendars Appointment Distribution Logic](/support/solutions/articles/155000001484-round-robin-calendars-appointment-distribution-logic)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Create Round Robin Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000001485-how-to-create-round-robin-calendars)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Team Member Assignment (Round Robin Calendar)](/support/solutions/articles/155000002711-team-member-assignment-round-robin-calendar-)
  * [How to configure Staff Member selection in Round Robin Calendars?](/support/solutions/articles/48001239842-how-to-configure-staff-member-selection-in-round-robin-calendars-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
