Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  6. One Time Link

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# One Time Link

Modified on: Thu, 25 Jan, 2024 at 11:38 AM

More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/mC2nQZ1oH5c>

<https://youtu.be/zSpu_5q566Q>

<https://youtu.be/9n-jJgJYwps?si=3mb22zUyMqGuLM8u%EF%BF%BCdotcomquest1@gmail.com>

<https://youtu.be/LfjRdGikkL0>

**In This Article**

  * What is a One Time Link?
  *  Why are One Time Links important?
  * How to Share a One Time Link?
  * What Happens After Booking?

**Related Article**

**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001711)**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001711)[Workflow Action for Generating One Time Link](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001711)

[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001711)**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001711)**

* * *

#### **What is a One Time Link?**

A One Time Link is a unique scheduling link to your calendar, designed to automatically expire once an appointment has been scheduled.Unlike the permanent link or the scheduling link, a One Time Link offers a one time access to your calendar. 

* * *

####  **Why are One Time Links important?**

  * One Time Links are valuable across businesses, particularly for individuals who prefer not to share their entire calendar. 
  * These links automatically expire after each booking, giving you more control over your availability and preventing unwanted bookings. 
  * Once someone uses the link to book time with you, they can't do it again unless you give them a new link. 
  * This also prevents attendees from sharing your availability with people you don't know.

* * *

#### **How to Share a One Time Link?**

To share a one time link to your calendar:  

  * Navigate to Calendar Settings > Calendars.
  * Click on the three dots next to your calendar and select "Share."

    Note: You can now access the Scheduling Link, Permanent Link, One Time Link and Embed Code from the "Share" option in Calendar Settings

  * In the sharing options, locate the "One Time Link" tab.

  * Click on "Copy" to easily copy & paste the One Time Link wherever needed.
  * To create a new link, click on the "Generate New Link" option to obtain a fresh URL.

* * *

#### **What Happens After Booking**

When a booking is made and the link expires, if someone attempts to schedule another appointment using the same link, they will be prompted to contact the owner as the link has already expired. This ensures that only valid and current links are used for scheduling purposes.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Consent checkbox for compliance](/support/solutions/articles/155000001032-consent-checkbox-for-compliance)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action for Generating One Time Link](/support/solutions/articles/155000001711-workflow-action-for-generating-one-time-link)
  * [Workflow Action - Generate One Time Booking Link](/support/solutions/articles/155000003461-workflow-action-generate-one-time-booking-link)
  * [Workflow Action - Stipe One Time Charge](/support/solutions/articles/155000003366-workflow-action-stipe-one-time-charge)
  * [How to send personalized payment links to multiple contacts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002666-how-to-send-personalized-payment-links-to-multiple-contacts-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
