Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/48000455557)
  4. [Affiliate Manager Automation](/support/solutions/folders/48000690777)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/48000455557)
     * [Affiliate Manager Automation](/support/solutions/folders/48000690777)
  6. All About Affiliate Enrolled In Campaign Trigger

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# All About Affiliate Enrolled In Campaign Trigger

Modified on: Wed, 18 Sep, 2024 at 2:37 PM

Affiliate Management is accessible within each sub-account. Here's a concise overview of how the Affiliate Manager functions:

  1. **Affiliate Registration:** Affiliates sign up for the program and receive unique tracking IDs.  

  2. **Promotion of Products:  **Affiliates actively promote the merchant's products through various marketing channels.  

  3. **Tracking Referrals** : Unique tracking links are utilized to attribute leads and sales to specific affiliates accurately.  

  4. **Commission Calculation** : The program automatically calculates commissions based on predefined commission structures.  

  5. **Payment and Reporting:  **Affiliates seamlessly receive their commissions and have the ability to track their performance through detailed reporting.

## **What is the Affiliate Enrolled In Campaign Trigger?**

**The Affiliate Enrolled In Campaign trigger is designed as a entry point to  capture all important data points that are created for an affiliate including :**

  * **Affiliate Name**
  * **Affiliate Email**
  * **Affiliate Phone number**
  * **Campaigns in which the affiliate is added**
  * **Total Revenue**
  * **Commission Earned**
  * **Affiliate Referral Link**
  * **Affiliate Portal Link**
  * **Magic Login Link (directly logs in to the affiliate portal)******

## **How does the Affiliate Enrolled In Campaign in Workflow?**

1. Go to Automations > Workflows  
2\. Create New Workflow from scratch or select any other workflow from the list.

3\. Add the trigger **Affiliate Enrolled In Campaign**  
  
4\. Trigger name can be renamed of your choice

5\. User can add filter for specific affiliate campaigns as well.

#   

## **What are some excellent use cases for this?**

**1\. Sending Email/SMS to the Affiliate**

  * **Benefit:** Fosters a positive affiliate experience, boosting morale and encouraging continued engagement. Affiliates feel acknowledged and appreciated, leading to increased loyalty and higher performance.

**2\. Add Affiliate Tag for Segmentation**

  * **Benefit:** This segmentation allows for personalized communication, improving the effectiveness of marketing campaigns.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Why Use Affiliate Automations?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003662-why-use-affiliate-automations-)
  * [Getting started with Affiliate Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000003663-getting-started-with-affiliate-automations)
  * [How to Automate Affiliate Sales with the New Affiliate Sales Trigger](/support/solutions/articles/155000003664-how-to-automate-affiliate-sales-with-the-new-affiliate-sales-trigger)
  * [How to Automate Lead Assignment to Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003665-how-to-automate-lead-assignment-to-affiliates)

## You may like to read -

  * [Getting started with Affiliate Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000003663-getting-started-with-affiliate-automations)
  * [Why Use Affiliate Automations?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003662-why-use-affiliate-automations-)
  * [Action - Remove From Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003230-action-remove-from-affiliate-campaign)
  * [Workflow Action - Add Leads under an Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/155000003429-workflow-action-add-leads-under-an-affiliate)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
