Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
  4. [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  6. Conversations: Adding Internal Comments and Mentioning Users

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Conversations: Adding Internal Comments and Mentioning Users

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 11:31 AM

## **Overview**

The Internal Comments feature allows users to add private comments within conversations. This enables more effective collaboration and communication while ensuring that discussions remain internal and are not visible to contacts.

## **How to Use Internal Comments:**

**Adding Internal Comments:**

While in a conversation, click on the Internal Comment option in the composer.

Type your comment and, if needed, tag users by entering **@** followed by their name. 

Click on send to send the comment, which will be visible only to internal users.

**Filtering Internal Comments:**

To view conversations where you’ve been mentioned, use the Mentions of Me filter. You can also filter conversations where a specific user has been mentioned.

To see all internal comments in a conversation, apply the Internal Comments filter from the filter options.

**Managing Notifications:**

  * Ensure your notification settings are enabled to receive alerts when you’re mentioned or for new messages in relevant conversations.
  * Navigate to Settings > My Profile > Notifications to enable the respective notifications. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Unread VS Read - Must Manually Mark as Read](/support/solutions/articles/48000980858-unread-vs-read-must-manually-mark-as-read)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to CC (Carbon Copy) and BCC (Blind Carbon Copy) for email composer](/support/solutions/articles/155000000444-how-to-cc-carbon-copy-and-bcc-blind-carbon-copy-for-email-composer)
  * [Contact Engagement score](/support/solutions/articles/155000001251-contact-engagement-score)

## You may like to read -

  * [Overview - Documents](/support/solutions/articles/155000001245-overview-documents)
  * [Workflow Notes, Action Notes & Sticky Notes](/support/solutions/articles/155000003914-workflow-notes-action-notes-sticky-notes)
  * [How to Leverage GHL Social Planner Analytics](/support/solutions/articles/155000003432-how-to-leverage-ghl-social-planner-analytics)
  * [How to Manage Comments In Memberships](/support/solutions/articles/48001220388-how-to-manage-comments-in-memberships)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
