Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
  4. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  6. How to Track Activity for Documents and Contracts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Track Activity for Documents and Contracts

Modified on: Thu, 12 Sep, 2024 at 3:12 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What's new?
  * How to use?
  * Why we built it?
  * Note:

## **What's new?**

  * Send out a document and view its entire history from sent, edited, viewed, to signed - just by clicking on view history on the options menu.
  * Hover on the contact icon and view the last viewed time and the actions that need to be done by the user.

## **How to use?**

  * Open Documents and Contracts
  * Scroll to the dashboard on the line item of the document that you want to know the status of
  * Hover on the customer icons
  * See the last action time, tags, status of all the users involved in the document
  * To view detailed logs, click on 3 dots and click on view history
  * View all the actions that happened on the document in the right drawer

## **Why we built it?**

  * Will help users to know the actual status of their documents on the go, without opening the document every time.
  * Will help them to get the document to a closure with readily available information.

## **Note:**

Last action time in the hover modal would only be available for the documents that are sent now onwards. For older documents the time won't be available.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)
  * [Automatic invoice creation after Document/Contract is signed](/support/solutions/articles/155000001299-automatic-invoice-creation-after-document-contract-is-signed)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001300-multiple-recipient-support-on-documents-contracts)

## You may like to read -

  * [Zoho to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003316-zoho-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [2 in 1 Documents: Direct Invoice payments after signing](/support/solutions/articles/155000004063-2-in-1-documents-direct-invoice-payments-after-signing)
  * [How to Use Documents and Contracts in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000002733-how-to-use-documents-and-contracts-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [Split Columns Support: Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000004041-split-columns-support-documents-contracts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
