Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reputation Management & Reviews](/support/solutions/48000449583)
  4. [Review Requests](/support/solutions/folders/48000666025)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reputation Management & Reviews](/support/solutions/48000449583)
     * [Review Requests](/support/solutions/folders/48000666025)
  6. Yext: Online Listings Business Scan Report

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Yext: Online Listings Business Scan Report

Modified on: Mon, 16 Sep, 2024 at 3:31 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What’s New?
  * How It Works:

## **What’s New?**

We are excited to introduce the Online Listings Business Scan Report. This new tool provides a comprehensive assessment of your business's online presence. This feature empowers locations to evaluate the effectiveness of the Online Listings subscription and unlock new growth opportunities. By providing a detailed performance report, this tool aids location owners in making well-informed decisions for subscribing Online Listings on Highlevel. The objective is to allow agencies to evaluate whether they would benefit from a Yext subscription based on the scan results. 

## **How It Works:**

  1. Scan Details Form: Start by filling out a form that is pre-populated with your business's basic information. You can verify and update these details to ensure accuracy.
  2. Scan: After submitting the form, our scan tool processes the information and generates a comprehensive report. This report shows how well your current online presence aligns with the provided details.
  3. Scan Results: Access a detailed analysis that includes a summary of your scan results, highlighting key metrics and identifying areas for improvement.
  4. Proceed to Subscribe: Based on the report findings, you can make an informed decision about subscribing to the Online Listings service to enhance your online presence further.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Reputation Management - How to Customize the Review Request Messages (SMS/Email)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980328-reputation-management-how-to-customize-the-review-request-messages-sms-email-)
  * [How to Dispute a Google Review and Check on the Dispute Status](/support/solutions/articles/48001180761-how-to-dispute-a-google-review-and-check-on-the-dispute-status)
  * [Review widget - Powered By going to Bad request page](/support/solutions/articles/48001181136-review-widget-powered-by-going-to-bad-request-page)
  * [How to fix when the Review Request Email is not sending](/support/solutions/articles/48001204155-how-to-fix-when-the-review-request-email-is-not-sending)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Generate Leads Using the HighLevel Prospecting Tool - The Ultimate Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001231875-how-to-generate-leads-using-the-highlevel-prospecting-tool-the-ultimate-guide)
  * [Understanding the Grades in Your Marketing Audit Report](/support/solutions/articles/155000003125-understanding-the-grades-in-your-marketing-audit-report)
  * [Getting started with Yext Lisitings](/support/solutions/articles/48001216623-getting-started-with-yext-lisitings)
  * [Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc](/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
