Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Custom Widgets](/support/solutions/folders/155000000192)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Custom Widgets](/support/solutions/folders/155000000192)
  6. Edit widgets on the dashboard

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Edit widgets on the dashboard

Modified on: Wed, 18 Oct, 2023 at 11:33 PM

Switch to "Edit Mode", and then select the ellipsis "..." for the widget you want to modify.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Step 1: Switch to Edit Mode
    * Step 2: Choose the widget you want to edit
    * Step 3: Apply your customizations

* * *

### **Step 1: Switch to Edit Mode**

  * On your dashboard, click the "EDIT" button.  

### **Step 2: Choose the widget you want to edit**

  * To edit a widget, locate the three-dot menu in the top-right corner of the widget you wish to edit. Click on it, and from the dropdown menu that appears, select "Edit."  

  * An editing menu will appear on the right-hand side.  

### **Step 3: Apply your customizations**

  * Apply your customizations and changes within the editing menu, then click "Save" followed by "Save Changes."  

**Note:**  General widgets cannot be edited.

* * *

## **Note:**** **

_Wondering which plan unlocks the customizable Dashboard?_

It's currently available exclusively for the $497 plan and beyond. If you're on the $97 or $297 plan, we recommend leveling up to unlock this feature. 

Custom dashboards on $497+ plans can be accessed by **Agency Admins** and **Agency users**.

[Read more about managing permissions for dashboards here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001230)

* * *

## **What's Next:**

  * [Removing a widget](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001211)
  * [Resize widgets](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001209)
  * [Rearrange widgets](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001210)

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Adding a widget to the dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001206-adding-a-widget-to-the-dashboard)
  * [Customizing a widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000001207-customizing-a-widget)
  * [Edit widgets on the dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001208-edit-widgets-on-the-dashboard)
  * [Resize widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000001209-resize-widgets)

## You may like to read -

  * [Adding a widget to the dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001206-adding-a-widget-to-the-dashboard)
  * [FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000001230-faqs)
  * [Rearrange widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000001210-rearrange-widgets)
  * [How to add attribution and UTM parameters as filters on custom widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000002549-how-to-add-attribution-and-utm-parameters-as-filters-on-custom-widgets)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
