Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Workflow Builder Walkthrough

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Builder Walkthrough

Modified on: Tue, 23 Jul, 2024 at 11:39 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Infinite Canvas layout
  * Add New Trigger
  * Add New Action
  * Stats View
  * Test Workflow
  * Save Workflow
  * Version History
  * Draft/Publish

### **Infinite Canvas layout:**

Use the "Fit to Screen" and "Zoom In/Zoom Out" buttons in the bottom left of the screen to control the view area. The Minimap in the bottom right shows the current position.

### **Add New Trigger**

Click on "Add New Trigger" button to open the Workflow Triggers list

**Select a Trigger from the list and configure**

### **Add New Action**

Click on "+" button to open the Workflow Actions list

****

**Select an Action from the list and configure**

### ****

###   

### **Stats View**

Turn on the "Stats View" in the top left to view Email and SMS stats in the builder

### ****

**Open detailed statistics model by clicking on any of the stats data**

### 

### **Test Workflow**

Click on the "Test Workflow" button in the top right

**Select a contact and click on "Run Test" to start testing the workflow**

### 

### **Save Workflow**

Click the "Save" button in the top right which indicates unsaved changes.

### **Version History**

View history of changes made by clicking on the history icon in the top right**  
**

###   

### **Draft/Publish**

Publish workflow or switch back to Draft by switching the toggle on the top right

### ****

### **  
**

### **FAQs**

### **Q1.  **What happens to contacts in my workflow if I set it to draft? Will they stay in the same step when I resume later?

### **Ans.  If the contact is waiting on any off the waiting steps (wait, manual call, manual sms etc), they would be on the same step. when the workflow is resumed.**

### **  
**

### **  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Getting Started with Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/155000002288-getting-started-with-workflows)
  * [A List of Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/articles/155000002292-a-list-of-workflow-triggers)
  * [A List of Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002294-a-list-of-workflow-actions)
  * [Shopify Elements in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001203897-shopify-elements-in-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
