Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Onboarding Series](/support/solutions/155000000043)
  4. [Onboarding Series](/support/solutions/folders/155000000150)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Onboarding Series](/support/solutions/155000000043)
     * [Onboarding Series](/support/solutions/folders/155000000150)
  6. HighLevel Pricing Guide

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# HighLevel Pricing Guide

Modified on: Thu, 6 Jun, 2024 at 5:11 AM

Nearly everything you need to know about HighLevel Pricing, Charges, Wallets, Rebilling and more.

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to Manage Your Billing
  * HighLevel Subscription Plans
  * Additional Services
    * What is an Agency Wallet?
    * LC Phone System
    * LC Email System
    * Email Validation
    * Dedicated IP Address
    * Premium Triggers & Actions
    * Content AI
    * Workflow AI
    * Conversation AI
    * Review AI
    * Yext Online Listings
    * WordPress Hosting
    * WhatsApp
    * Marketplace Services
  * FAQs
    * What does “Rebilling” mean?
    * What does “Re-sell” or “Reselling” mean?
    * What is an SMS Segment?
    * Am I Charged for Unanswered Calls?
    * What are the differences between Basic and Advanced API Access?

* * *

# How to Manage Your Billing

**Did you know** you can see every single charge to your account as well as manage your subscription, wallet amounts, and more from within your HighLevel App? Just log into your HighLevel desktop App and navigate to your Company Billing Settings (Agency View > Billing). We even break down charges by Sub-Account, it's a critical tool when discussing or reviewing HighLevel charges or pricing.

**Agency View > Billing (<https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/billing>)**

* * *

# HighLevel Subscription Plans

At the core of the HighLevel service is our subscription plans which are in three tiers. Starter, Unlimited, and Agency Pro. Each plan level unlocks additional features to help Level Up your business. Before you can utilize the additional services shown below, you must have an active subscription and account with us.

*Subject to change. We are always coming out with new features or adjusting our offerings to best serve you.

Question about which features are with which plan?

Interested in upgrading to another plan level? 

Schedule a call with our [Account Management Team](https://speakwith.us/consult) now!

Related:

  * What are the differences between Basic and Advanced API Access?

* * *

# Additional Services

In addition to your HighLevel Subscription plan, you can decide to opt into additional HighLevel services which will further unlock the true power of HighLevel. For example, instead of having to build and maintain your own phone system (not an easy task), you can opt into our LC Phone System. We've done all of the hard work for you. 

When you opt into any of these services, you begin preloading a "Wallet." Which is required in order to use many of our additional services.

## **What is an Agency Wallet?**

When you opt into any of these additional services outlined below (such as LC Phone, Email, or AI), you begin an "Agency Wallet." Agency Wallets hold credits that are deducted from when you use an Additional Service listed below (such as LC Phone, Email, or AI). To load credits into your wallet, HighLevel charges your Agency card on file. Wallet charges occur when wallet balances drop below a minimum amount. 

Minimum wallet amount thresholds and wallet recharge amounts can be adjusted anytime from within your [Agency Level Billing > Wallet & Transitions Tab](https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/billing?tab=wallet_transactions). 

**Why do we use a "Wallet"?**

Unlike other companies, HighLevel only charges you for the amount you use. Most companies will charge you based on a number of SMS or Emails, like say 500 SMS per month for $40/mo. But what if you don't send any SMS or only 100 SMS? You just paid for the SMS you did use.

This is why we use a Wallet and charge for based on your usage only. You pay low prices and only for what you use.

* * *

## **LC Phone System**

**What is LC Phone System?**

LeadConnector (LC) Phone System eliminates the need for using a third-party telephony provider in order to send/receive an SMS/call in the CRM. 

*LC Phone System is available on all plan levels.

*Rebilling without markup is available on the $297 Unlimited Plan.

*Rebilling WITH Markup is only available on the $497 Agency Pro Plan.

**LC Phone System Pricing**

The pricing for LC Phone System is precisely the same amount as Twilio. Pricing varies between regions and products for this reason we will be providing basic info and pricing for all the top-used product categories based on US/Canada pricing. All other charges can be located on Twilio’s Pricing Pages provided below.

To locate LC Phone system pricing details, please review the following:

  * [LC Phone System Pricing](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001223556-lc-phone-pricing-structure)
  * For all SMS Costs, see [Twilio SMS Pricing](https://www.twilio.com/en-us/sms/pricing/us).
  * For all Voice Costs, see [Twilio Phone Pricing](https://www.twilio.com/en-us/voice/pricing/us)
  * For Phone Registration Pricing, see [A2P 10DLC Service Pricing and Fees](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000234-pricing-and-fees-for-the-a2p-10dlc-service)

**LC Phone Pricing FAQs**

  *  _How are SMS Costs Calculated? What are Carrier fees?  
_ See more details on SMS costs in this article, [Calculating SMS Costs: A Step-by-Step Guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001626-calculating-sms-costs-a-step-by-step-guide)  

  *  _Do I get a discount for using LC Phone?  
_ US/Canada receive a 10% discount on Phone Numbers, SMS, and Voice, see [click here to see details.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001223556-lc-phone-pricing-structure#2.%C2%A0Which-all-categories-have-a-10%-discount-applicable?)  

  * What is an SMS Segment? Click here to learn more.  

  * Am I Charged for Unanswered Calls? Click here to learn more.

* * *

## **LC Email System**

**What is LC Email?**

LeadConnector (LC) Email is designed to help agencies avoid the hassle of signing up for Mailgun or any 3rd party email service provider. In the past, when an agency signed up they would need to either integrate with Mailgun or another email service provider to send/receive email. With LC - Email, sending & receiving email works right out of the box, on every subaccount.

*LC Email System is available on all plan levels.

*Rebilling without markup is available on the $297 Unlimited Plan.

*Rebilling WITH Markup is only available on the $497 Agency Pro Plan.

**LC Email System Pricing**

We charge $0.675 for 1000 emails for all the plans at a lower cost than most major SMTP providers compared to $0.80/1000 with MailGun. 

Learn more about the LC Email System and Pricing here: [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001220605-what-is-lc-email-i-want-to-know-more#LC---Email-Pricing)[LC Email System & Pricing](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001220605-what-is-lc-email-i-want-to-know-more#LC---Email-Pricing).

* * *

## **Email Validation**

**What is LC Email Validation?**

LeadConnector (LC) Email Validation is a process that checks if an email address is deliverable. In other words, this tool determines if it’s possible to deliver mail to that email address before you send an email.

*Email Validation is available on all plan levels.

*Rebilling is only available on the $497 Agency Pro Plan.

**Email Validation Pricing**

We charge $2.5 for 1000 Email Validations for all the plans at a lower cost than most major providers compared to $12/1000 with MailGun, which is 79% Cheaper.

Learn more about Email Validation & pricing here: [How to enable and rebill LC Email Validation](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001235221-how-to-enable-and-rebill-lc-email-validation#Enable-Email-Validation-Re-billing).

* * *

## **Dedicated IP Address**

**What is a Dedicated IP Address?**

LC - Email is designed to help agencies avoid the hassle of signing up for Mailgun or any 3rd party email service provider. In the past, when an agency signed up they would need to either integrate with Mailgun or another email service provider to send/receive email. With LC - Email, sending & receiving email works right out of the box, on every subaccountLeadConnector (LC) Email Validation is a process that checks if an email address is deliverable. In other words, this tool determines if it’s possible to deliver mail to that email address before you send an email.

*Feature and rebilling are only available on the $497 Plan.

**Dedicated IP Address Pricing**

We charge $59/mo per dedicated domain.

Learn more about Dedicated IP Addresses & Pricing here: [What is a dedicated IP in LC email?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001152-what-is-a-dedicated-ip-in-lc-email-#Who-can-buy-a-dedicated-IP?)

* * *

## **Premium Triggers & Actions**

**What is LC Premium Triggers & Actions?**

LeadConnector (LC) Premium actions and trigger unlocks advanced capabilities such as connecting workflows to external systems or software - without using expensive third-party automation tools like Zapier, Integromat (rebranded as “Make”), or PabblyConnect.

With Premium Triggers & Actions, you can integrate systems like Slack and Google Sheets into a workflow and catch inbound webhook actions (Post requests) within the same process. Even better, you can pass the cost of rebill executions onto your client at your desired markup.

*LC Premium Triggers & Actions is available on all plan levels.

*Rebilling is only available on the $497 Agency Pro Plan.

**Premium Triggers & Actions Pricing**

0.01$ per execution (1/4th the cost of the Zapier base plan). 

Learn more Premium Triggers & Actions and the Pricing here: [How to enable and rebill LC Premium Triggers & Actions for Workflows](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001231559-how-to-enable-and-rebill-lc-premium-triggers-actions-for-workflows#LC-Premium-Triggers-&-Actions-Pricing).

* * *

## **Content AI**

**What is Content AI?**

Wanna jazz up your content? Unleash the power of AI and see your content spring to life with tailor-made keywords, tones, and variations! 

The writing game has changed; get ready to experience twice the speed, effortless quality, and unrivaled efficiency! Content AI helps you create social posts and blogs, write copy for sites, and generate appealing emails with the power of AI.

*Content AI is available on all plan levels.

*Rebilling is only available on the $497 Agency Pro Plan.

**Content AI Pricing**

Once Content AI is enabled via the Agency settings, EXISTING and New Sub-Accounts will have 500 free words. Once the 500 free words are used, an average of $0.09/1000 words*  will be debited based on using words from the Agency Wallet.

Learn more about Content AI and the pricing here: [How to Enable and Rebill Content AI?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001234826-how-to-enable-and-rebill-content-ai-#Content-AI-Pricing)

* * *

## **Workflow AI**

**What is Workflow AI?**

Workflow AI is powered by ChatGPT from OpenAI. You can now utilize the power of ChatGPT in your workflows. This means you can use the power of AI within your workflow actions to set up custom AI workflow actions.

*Workflow AI is available on all plan levels.

*Rebilling is only available on the $497 Agency Pro Plan.

**Workflow AI Pricing**

Once Premium Actions & Triggers are enabled via the Agency settings, EXISTING and New Sub-Accounts will have 100 free executions.

Once the 100 free executions are consumed, $0.03/execution will be debited from the Agency Wallet for each execution from any Sub-Accounts usages UNLESS re-billing is enabled (see below for more info).

Learn more about Workflow AI & Pricing here: [How to Enable and Rebill Workflow AI?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000169-how-to-enable-and-rebill-workflow-ai-)

* * *

## **Conversation AI**

**What is  Conversation AI?**

The Conversation AI is an advanced feature that leverages AI technologies to enhance customer interactions with your business. The Bot solves complex problems and provides safer, more accurate answers than any AI Chatbot on the market.

*Conversation AI is available on all plan levels.

*Rebilling is only available on the $497 Agency Pro Plan.

**Conversation AI Pricing**

There are 2 available plans:

  * **Plan 1** \- Usage Based - 0.02/Message
  * **Plan 2** \- Monthly Unlimited - $49/sub-account (unlimited messages

Learn more about Conversation AI here: [Conversation AI HelpDoc Folder](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/155000000005)

* * *

## **Review AI**

**What is Review AI?**

Enhancing your online reputation and building trust with customers is now easier than ever with our Reviews AI feature. Whether you want to make your Google and Facebook review management more efficient or automate your review responses, our feature offers two distinct modes: Suggestive and Auto-Pilot. 

*Review AI is available on all plan levels.

*Rebilling is only available on the $497 Agency Pro Plan.

**Review AI Pricing**

0.08 cents per response.

Learn more about Review AI and the Pricing here: [Maximizing Customer Engagement with Reviews AI: A Guide to Suggestive and Auto-Pilot Modes](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001074-maximizing-customer-engagement-with-reviews-ai-a-guide-to-suggestive-and-auto-pilot-modes#Pricing-Structure)

* * *

## **Yext Online Listings**

**What is Yext Online Listings?**

Online Listings by Yext is an incredibly powerful SEO tool that creates backlinks and ensures your client's Vital business info (address, operation hours, phone numbers, etc) is consistent across 70+ of the world's most reputable websites.

**Yext Online Listings Pricing  
**

Minimum three-month commitment at $30/month. 

Learn more about Yext Online Listings & Pricing here: [Yext Online Listings Overview](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc#Why-was-this-feature-built?).

Related:

  * What does “Re-sell” or “Reselling” mean?

* * *

## **WordPress Hosting**

**What is WordPress Hosting?**

Roughly 43% of all websites are built utilizing WordPress. Now within HighLevel, we can host these websites within HighLevel. While we host the WordPress site in HighLevel, users will still need to log into their WordPress Admin account to manage their website - which is outside of HighLevel.

**WordPress Hosting Pricing  **

Choose Your Plan:

  * Pay-as-you-go plan $10/Month for every site hosted in HighLevel + you can resell it for an amount of your choice

We have discontinued the Unlimited pricing plans as of July 2023. However new pricing plans will be implemented soon to accommodate more storage and bandwidth requirements.  

Learn more about WordPress Reselling & Pricing here: [How to Resell WordPress to Your Clients](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001199647-how-to-resell-wordpress-to-your-clients#Picking-Your-Plan)

Related:

  * What does “Re-sell” or “Reselling” mean?

* * *

## **WhatsApp**

**What is WhatsApp?**

WhatApp is a messaging platform used by many to communicate. After years of awaiting approval, HighLevel is ready to allow you and your users the ability to unlock this popular messaging platform to grow and manage your business!

**Whatsapp Pricing**

The HighLevel Price is $10/mo per Sub-Account to use the service. In addition to this, __Conversation and Template prices__ are charged based on usage. As usual with WhatsApp, prices vary by country and use case. Learn more about WhatsApp Pricing here: [WhatsApp Pricing Guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide).

Related:

  * [WhatsApp Agency Setup Guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)  

  * What does “Re-sell” or “Reselling” mean?

* * *

## **Marketplace Services**

**What is HighLevel Marketplace Services?**

Within the Agency View of an Agency account, we have HighLevel Services that can be added to the account, much like the additional services above or WhatsApp, Yext, or WordPress… Clients can purchase these Marketplace Services to assist with running their agency.  
  
Currently, these services include:

  * Basic Account Setup
  * Advanced Account Setup
  * Priority Support
  * Whitelabeled Mobile App & Zap
  * Whitelabeled Zap
  * Eliza
  * HIPPA Compliance

**Marketplace Services Pricing**

Marketplace Services and their pricing can be found in-app. Go to the Agency View > Marketplace tab. Each service has a unique price and terms and conditions. Use the websites below to reveal to the client each service and price.

Check out our In-App Marketplace Services Pricing Page Link Here → <https://app.gohighlevel.com/marketplace\>

* * *

# FAQs

The following are some helpful Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs).

## What does “Rebilling” mean?

Rebilling is when an Agency Owner/Admin enables the rebilling feature to recover the cost of running that Sub-Account Service. For example: HighLevel Charges Agency Owners for every SMS sent via our LeadConnector (LC) Phone System. However, the client can then set up rebilling to charge the client this amount to their client to recover the cost incurred by their client. This is done at the Sub-Account Levels.

The Agency Owner is always charged by HighLevel for the same amount as our pricing per service and usage. However, the Agency Owner can rebill the client to recover costs. In addition, on the $497 plan, you can “mark up” the amount rebilled to charge the Sub-Account a larger amount than the Agency will pay. This can be done in the Sub-Account Settings or in the SaaS Configurator.

*Rebilling without Markup is available on the $497 plan only. Enabling you to recover LC additional services usage by Sub-Acocunts.

*Rebilling WITH Agency Mark Up is available only on the $497 Plan and is a part of [SaaS Mode](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq).

In-App Rebilling Multiplier Settings for SaaS Mode

In-App Agency View > Sub-Account > “Manage Client” Settings

## What does “Re-sell” or “Reselling” mean?

Similar to rebilling… Reselling is offering one of our reselling services to a Sub-Account. Currently, we have Yext Online Listings, WordPress Hosting, and soon-to-be WhatsApp (*in beta) available for resell.

Locate Reselling settings in the Agency View > Reselling. ([https://app.gohighlevel.com/reselling](https://app.gohighlevel.com/reselling)) 

Agency owners will be charged the “HighLevel Price” by HighLevell for each Sub-Account that it is enabled for. However, they will be able to recover the cost, if they so choose, by enabling “re-sell” in-app. They can choose to offer it at the HighLevel PRice or above it to re-sell and make even more of a profit per Sub-Account.

In-App Agency view > Reselling tab

## What is an SMS Segment?

A Segment is how SMS are stored and sent to phones. There can be more than one In simple terms, it is what carriers and phone systems use to send messages and calculate per SMS cost. What’s important is pricing is charged by segments and a single SMS message can have multiple Segments in it. See [What the Heck is a Segment by Twilio](https://www.twilio.com/blog/what-the-heck-is-a-segment-html) for a more in-depth explanation.

## Am I Charged for Unanswered Calls?

If you call someone and they do not pick up and you do not leave a voicemail - you are generally not charged for this call. Some restrictions may apply based on the outcome of the call and the type of call you are attempting. 

[](https://app.gohighlevel.com/marketplace)

## What are the differences between Basic and Advanced API Access?

Learn more about our Developer documentation and join our Dev Community at: <https://developers.gohighlevel.com/>

    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/NYVZ2e_ptlg" title="HighLevel Pricing Guide" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

HTML

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)
  * [Alpine HVAC Case Study](/support/solutions/articles/155000001629-alpine-hvac-case-study)

## You may like to read -

  * [Set Up Your App Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000001217-set-up-your-app-pricing)
  * [AI Tools in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002166-ai-tools-in-highlevel)
  * [ConvertKit to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003393-convertkit-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Keap to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003384-keap-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
