Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  6. How to Use the WhatsApp Media Templates

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use the WhatsApp Media Templates

Modified on: Tue, 16 Jul, 2024 at 11:27 AM

We're thrilled to announce our latest update to our Mobile Apps - WhatsApp media templates. Subaccount admins and users will now be able to use whatsapp media templates inside their conversations. The supported media types are - images, videos, text, files, and locations! This update is available on HighLevel, LeadConnector, and White-labelled (update needs to be requested) mobile apps.

? 

What's New

  * Support for media templates

 \- Text, Image, Video, File, Location.

?‍♂️ 

How It Works

  1. Open the mobile app with your preferred subaccount selected.
  2. Head over to the conversations section and head over to an existing / start a new WhatsApp conversation.
  3. You can add text, images, videos, files, and locations to your message.
  4. Once you have your content finalized, you're good to send it!

⭐️ Why it Matters:

This update finally allows users to use whatsapp media templates within the mobile app.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)

## You may like to read -

  * [WhatsApp Media Templates](/support/solutions/articles/155000002330-whatsapp-media-templates)
  * [Template Categorisation Guidelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001058-template-categorisation-guidelines)
  * [Understanding Attribution Source (Ad Reporting)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219997-understanding-attribution-source-ad-reporting-)
  * [WhatsApp: Send Message Templates (Snippets)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003069-whatsapp-send-message-templates-snippets-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
