Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Set Up Flexible Payment Plans in Invoices

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Set Up Flexible Payment Plans in Invoices

Modified on: Fri, 26 Jul, 2024 at 10:53 AM

We are excited to announce capability to add Payment plans to invoices

What's New?

  * Users can now split their invoices into a payment plan installments
  * A split can be made both on Percentage basis as well as amount basis
  * Each split carries with it a Due Date and Payment Status of that split. Notifications will go on split's due date reminding user to Pay their installment (if not paid already)
  * Payments can be done only in predefined split and user can choose to pay one or more installment at a go. An Invoice will get paid once all installment are paid.

How to use?

  * Click on add payment schedule in an invoice

  * Set up the payment terms with a percentage or fixed amount and send it

  * User will view the invoice with ability to view the plan on the invoice

  * User will then pay the invoice and have an option to either select that payment schedule value or add other schedules as well by clicking on a checkbox

Why this feature?

We are solving one major use case here: For medium to large ticket invoices, we have often gotten a requirement that user wants to pay their invoices in installments. While we already have Partial payment, that gives control to payer of invoice to control what amount to be paid when, With this feature, we are giving control in hands of Payee of invoice of the installment size in which Invoice should get paid.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How-to add Taxes Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001224104-how-to-add-taxes-overview)
  * [How to add Payment Plans to your Invoices?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003164-how-to-add-payment-plans-to-your-invoices-)
  * [How to Use Partial Payment for Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/155000002614-how-to-use-partial-payment-for-invoices)
  * [2 in 1 Documents: Direct Invoice payments after signing](/support/solutions/articles/155000004063-2-in-1-documents-direct-invoice-payments-after-signing)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
