Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665896)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665896)
  6. Setting up webhooks to receive incoming calls, messages a...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Setting up webhooks to receive incoming calls, messages and status updates for calls (for Twilio users)

Modified on: Thu, 8 Aug, 2024 at 10:09 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Step 1: Login to your Twilio account and click on the URL to view phone numbers:
  * Step 2: Click on a phone number to edit the configuration
  * Step 3: Set the Routing region to ‘US1’ if not done already. 
  * Step 4: Under 'Voice Configuration' set it to:
  * Step 5: Under 'Messaging Service' set it to Routing region to ‘US1’ if not done already.  
  * Step 6: Messaging service: No input/change needed 
  * Frequently Asked Questions

If you use Twilio and not LC phone directly, you need to setup webhooks to be able to receive incoming calls, messages and call status updates. In this article, we will help you learn how to do that in your Twilio console.

**Why should we setup webhooks?**

For you to receive calls, messages or status updates on our platform, Twilio needs to communicate with our system: send the incoming call, message or status update to us. Webhooks allow us to do that.  
  
Please follow the below steps to setup webhooks on Twilio (for incoming calls, incoming messages and call status updates):

# **Step 1: Login to[your Twilio account](https://console.twilio.com/us1/develop/phone-numbers/manage/incoming) and click on the URL to view phone numbers:**

# **Step 2: Click on a phone number to edit the configuration**

**    **

# **Step 3: Set the Routing region to ‘US1’ if not done already.  **

# **Step 4: Under 'Voice Configuration' set it to:**

  * Configure with: Webhook, TwiML Bin, Function, Studio Flow, Proxy Service
  * A call comes in: Webhook
  * Use the following URL[](https://staging.services.leadconnectorhq.com/phone-system/voice-call/inbound)  
[https://services.leadconnectorhq.com/phone-system/voice-call/inbound](https://staging.services.leadconnectorhq.com/phone-system/voice-call/inbound)
  * HTTP: HTTP POST
  * Primary handler fails: No changes needed
  * Call status changes > URL:[](https://services.leadconnectorhq.com/appengine/twilio/incoming_call_status)  
[https://services.leadconnectorhq.com/appengine/twilio/incoming_call_status](https://services.leadconnectorhq.com/appengine/twilio/incoming_call_status)
  * HTTP: HTTP POST
  * Caller Name Lookup: Your choice, we recommend keeping this 'Enabled' to use lookup
  * Click on the save configuration button

# **Step 5: Under 'Messaging Service' set it to Routing region to ‘US1’ if not done already.  **

# **Step 6: Messaging service: No input/change needed  **

  * Configure with: Webhook, TwiML Bin, Function, Studio Flow, Proxy Service
  * A message comes in: Webhook
  * Use the following URL:[](https://services.leadconnectorhq.com/appengine/twilio/incoming_message)  
[https://services.leadconnectorhq.com/appengine/twilio/incoming_message](https://services.leadconnectorhq.com/appengine/twilio/incoming_message)
  * HTTP: HTTP POST
  * Primary handler fails: No input/change needed
  * Click on the save configuration button

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

Currently no frequently asked questions. Submit feedback on this article to help is add questions to this section!

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to validate phone numbers (SMS) ?](/support/solutions/articles/48001153968-how-to-validate-phone-numbers-sms-)
  * [How to use the client's own Twilio account for the location?](/support/solutions/articles/48001220001-how-to-use-the-client-s-own-twilio-account-for-the-location-)
  * [How to use Custom CSS to hide the Twilio error banner](/support/solutions/articles/48001232032-how-to-use-custom-css-to-hide-the-twilio-error-banner)
  * [Setting up webhooks to receive incoming calls, messages and status updates for calls (for Twilio users)](/support/solutions/articles/155000002824-setting-up-webhooks-to-receive-incoming-calls-messages-and-status-updates-for-calls-for-twilio-user)

## You may like to read -

  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)
  * [AI Employee Voice Call Capabilities](/support/solutions/articles/155000003911-ai-employee-voice-call-capabilities)
  * [Call Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/155000002705-call-reporting)
  * [Incoming or inbound SMS message showing as calls / not showing at all](/support/solutions/articles/48001181601-incoming-or-inbound-sms-message-showing-as-calls-not-showing-at-all)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
