Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Custom Widgets](/support/solutions/folders/155000000192)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Custom Widgets](/support/solutions/folders/155000000192)
  6. How to inject User/Sub account Properties in Iframes on S...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to inject User/Sub account Properties in Iframes on Sub Account Dashboards

Modified on: Mon, 12 Feb, 2024 at 2:13 AM

You can now inject dynamic user or sub account properties/parameters in embedded content using iframes. Follow these step-by-step instructions to get started:

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

      * Step 1: Enter Edit Mode
      * Step 2: Navigate to Objects tab
      * Step 3: Choose Embed
      * Step 4: Enter the URL
      * Step 5: Add Parameters
      * Step 6: Utilize Dynamic User Properties
  * Supported User Properties

* * *

### **Step 1: Enter Edit Mode**

  * Open your Sub Account Dashboard and enter Edit mode.

### **Step 2: Navigate to Objects tab**

  * Once in Edit mode, navigate to the Objects section.

### **Step 3: Choose Embed**

  * Select the Embed option from the Objects menu.

### **Step 4: Enter the URL**

  * Enter the URL of the content you want to embed into the dashboard.

### **Step 5: Add Parameters**

  * After entering the URL, add the required parameters to customize the content.

### **Step 6: Utilize Dynamic User Properties**

  * You can dynamically inject the sub-account or user identifier into the iframe source. You can use placeholders like {{location.id}} or {{location.name}} in the URL to make it more versatile.

  * As an example, you can use {{location.id}} to create a dynamic URL like this: <https://app.gohighlevel.com/v2/location/{{location.id}}/conversations>.

  * You can embed the above link as an iFrame URL on your dashboard.

* * *

# Supported User Properties

  1. We support various user properties that can be passed in the URL. Replace the **property** in {{user.**userpropertyhere**}} with any of the following supported user properties:
     * companyId
     * email
     * phone
     * role
     * type
     * firstName
     * lastName
     * name
     * fullName
  2. For example, you can use https://yourwebsiteurlhere.com/?user={{user.firstName}} to pass the user's first name in the URL.

#   

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Adding a widget to the dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001206-adding-a-widget-to-the-dashboard)
  * [Customizing a widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000001207-customizing-a-widget)
  * [Edit widgets on the dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001208-edit-widgets-on-the-dashboard)
  * [Resize widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000001209-resize-widgets)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to load Snapshots with Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000002280-how-to-load-snapshots-with-dashboards)
  * [How to duplicate a dashboard to another sub-account](/support/solutions/articles/155000001571-how-to-duplicate-a-dashboard-to-another-sub-account)
  * [How to manage permissions for a dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001532-how-to-manage-permissions-for-a-dashboard)
  * [How to schedule and send email reports to your sub-accounts?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236324-how-to-schedule-and-send-email-reports-to-your-sub-accounts-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
