Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. Related Product element for Ecommerce stores

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Related Product element for Ecommerce stores

Modified on: Fri, 19 Jul, 2024 at 4:15 AM

### About:

Gohighlevel now allows store owners to suggest related products on their product details page. This feature helps improve the overall product discovery experience by showcasing recommended or related products to users, thereby enhancing cross-selling opportunities.

### How to use 

  1. Navigate to your store 

Product detail

 in the page builder, and enable the 

Show related products

 toggle. The following attributes can be customised:
    1. Number of products to be shown (_Default: 6_)
    2. Number of columns per product in both desktop and mobile (_Default: Desktop: 3_ , _Mobile: 2_)
    3. Heading for the related products section (_Default: "You may also like"_)  

  2. Save and publish the page

 _Online store preview:_

__  

###   

###   

###   

### Note:

  1. Products that are present in a common collection will be shown under related products in the product detail page of that specific product. For example:
    1. A product named "iPhone 15" if is added to collection "Apple" and "Summer Sale"
    2. All the products added in the collection "Apple" and "Summer Sale" would be displayed
    3. At first all the products from "Apple" collection would be present and then products from "Summer Sale" would be displayed provided that they are within the available limits of related products set by the user which is at maximum capped to 10

  2. The images in both the product list page now, are restricted to a 

1:1 aspect ratio 

and the images are covered to that size to maintain better UI and consistency across all products and images.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Suggest Related Product(s) in Your Product Details Page](/support/solutions/articles/155000002834-how-to-suggest-related-product-s-in-your-product-details-page)
  * [Search Bar Element in Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002771-search-bar-element-in-ecommerce-stores)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [How to use Printful Integration with your Ecommerce Store?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002442-how-to-use-printful-integration-with-your-ecommerce-store-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
