Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  6. How to Purchase a Phone Number in a Sub-Account

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Purchase a Phone Number in a Sub-Account

Modified on: Thu, 24 Oct, 2024 at 9:33 AM

Understanding how to purchase a phone number is important for your business operations. This article will help you through the step by step process. How to Purchase a Phone Number in a Sub-Account for your business.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Step 1: At the top left, click here to switch to the sub-account where you want to purchase a phone number
    * Step 2: Once you are in the sub-account, click on Settings
    * Step 3: Click on Phone Numbers
    * Step 4: Click on Add Phone Number Under Add Number Tab
    * Step 5: Select the country for which you want to buy the number
    * Step 6: Select the number of your choice and then click on Proceed to Buy Button in order to buy the number.

### **Step 1: At the top left, click here to switch to the sub-account where you want to purchase a phone number**

  * Click the account switcher option and search for the sub-account where you want to purchase a phone number.  

  *  Click on the Sub-Account.  

### **Step 2: Once you are in the sub-account, click on Settings**

### **Step 3: Click on Phone Numbers**

### **Step 4: Click on Add Phone Number Under "+ Add Number" Tab**

###   
**Step 5: Select the Country for which you want to buy the number.**

Here's a list of countries supported by Native Phone System/ Twilio:

## [Twilio phone number availability and their capabilities](https://help.twilio.com/articles/223183068-Twilio-phone-number-availability-and-their-capabilities)

  * If the country you want is on the list but not visible within the system, you can **buy the number through the Twilio console for the location. **(**ONLY applicable to Agencies who have integrated Twilio as the default telephone provider)**
  * **A regulatory bundle/Address is required if your agency resides outside the**USA or Canada******.**  

  * Also you can use the filter option as well to search your desirable numbers on basis of first or last digit numbers.  
****

**       **Please Note:****

    _Regulatory Bundles/Address are an industry-standard practice, not a HighLevel-specific requirement.  
      
     If your sub-account is outside of the USA and Canada, we highly recommend that you complete the regulatory bundle/address registration for the best telephone experience._

**  
**

### **Step 6:  ****Select the number of your choice and then click on Proceed to Buy Button in order to buy the number.**

  * Once number is selected Click on Proceed to Buy Button. This will buy the selected phone number for you and phone number will be added under phone number tab.  

  * ### tThere you can see you have successfully purchased a phone number.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How do I migrate my agency and sub-account over to LC Phone?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204027-how-do-i-migrate-my-agency-and-sub-account-over-to-lc-phone-)
  * [Why is your account suspended](/support/solutions/articles/48001207676-why-is-your-account-suspended)
  * [Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001213216-regulatory-bundle-and-address-creation-for-sub-accounts)
  * [What is LC - Phone System?](/support/solutions/articles/48001223546-what-is-lc-phone-system-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to buy a toll free number inside GHL?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204834-how-to-buy-a-toll-free-number-inside-ghl-)
  * [How to Purchase a Phone Number in a Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48000981420-how-to-purchase-a-phone-number-in-a-sub-account)
  * [Toll-Free Verification Guide for LC - Phone (US/Canada)](/support/solutions/articles/48001222300-toll-free-verification-guide-for-lc-phone-us-canada-)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
