Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. @Mention or Tag Profile in Social Planner

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# @Mention or Tag Profile in Social Planner

Modified on: Wed, 31 Jul, 2024 at 3:10 PM

What's New ?

  * Social Planner now allows users to add @Mentions in the posts.
  * @Mentions will work for socials like Facebook, Linkedin , Twitter (X) and plain text will be available Instagram, Tiktok and GMB.

  * @Mentions will be the search for public profiles or pages.  
  
\- Facebook and Linkedin - You can tag the pages.  
\- Twitter (X) - You can tag any accounts, including people  

  * If more than one social channel is used, it will ask to customise the post for each channel to be enabled to allow users to search by the name, followers and social wise.

How it helps-

  1. Improves Post engagement for customers
  2. Brands and influencers often use @Mentions strategically to cross-promote each other's content.
  3. On some platforms, @Mentions contribute to the searchability of content.

How does it work?

  1. Go to Marketing > Social Planner  

  2. Create new Post  

  3. While creating new post, selects the socials
  4. After selecting the social, if there are more than one social channel, it will ask you to enable the customise for each channel option.

  5. Once you get that, you can add @ and followed by the word to search the tagged user with username, followers and social profile to identify.

Note - This will not work in CSV and other options like Review Posting, RSS Posting. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Add Location Tagging to Social Post](/support/solutions/articles/155000002665-add-location-tagging-to-social-post)
  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [How to Use Community Tagging Feature](/support/solutions/articles/155000001051-how-to-use-community-tagging-feature)
  * [Grouping of Social Media Profiles](/support/solutions/articles/48001215735-grouping-of-social-media-profiles)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
