Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
  4. [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  6. Conversations FAQs

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Conversations FAQs

Modified on: Sun, 1 Sep, 2024 at 12:15 AM

**Q. What attachment types are supported in Conversations?**

**A:  **Conversations supports the following attachment types: .pdf, .docx, .doc, .csv, .xlsx, .xls, .txt, .jpg, .jpeg, .png, .gif, .svg, .mp4, .mpeg, .mp3, .wav, .wave, .aiff, .aif, .aifc, .gsm, .ulaw, .vcf, .vcard, .pptx

**Q: Why am I receiving a delivery incomplete error email from Gmail when I use a BCC address while sending emails from my 2-way sync email?    **

**A:  **** ** You may receive a "Delivery incomplete" error from Gmail when using BCC addresses. Despite the error, your email might still be successfully posted to the CRM. This occurs because we use BCC for logging purposes, and Gmail doesn't get a delivery receipt for this BCC address. So, though the email is logged successfully you might receive the error email.

**Q: Why am I unable to send Instagram DMs to people who are commenting on my instagram posts?  **

**A:  **** ** For a business to**** ** send a DM to a contact, the contact has to send at-least one DM within last 24 hours. To reply to comments, use "**Instagram Interactive Messenger** " action from workflows and set the reply type as "**Reply to comment via DM** ".**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Unread VS Read - Must Manually Mark as Read](/support/solutions/articles/48000980858-unread-vs-read-must-manually-mark-as-read)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to CC (Carbon Copy) and BCC (Blind Carbon Copy) for email composer](/support/solutions/articles/155000000444-how-to-cc-carbon-copy-and-bcc-blind-carbon-copy-for-email-composer)
  * [Contact Engagement score](/support/solutions/articles/155000001251-contact-engagement-score)

## You may like to read -

  * [Eliza Agent Platform Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001236604-eliza-agent-platform-dashboard)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Conversations](/support/solutions/articles/48001236598-eliza-agent-platform-conversations)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Settings within the CRM](/support/solutions/articles/48001236605-eliza-agent-platform-settings-within-the-crm)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Search Tools](/support/solutions/articles/48001236599-eliza-agent-platform-search-tools)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
