Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Action - Add Leads under an Affiliate

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Add Leads under an Affiliate

Modified on: Fri, 28 Jun, 2024 at 2:27 AM

The "Add Leads under an Affiliate" action in workflows empowers you to seamlessly add leads under specific affiliate campaigns and affiliates, streamlining the process of lead management and rewarding affiliates. This powerful feature not only simplifies administrative tasks but also enhances the effectiveness of your affiliate marketing strategy, driving better results and higher engagement.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What is the "Add Leads under an Affiliate"  Action in Workflows?
    * What are some good usage cases for this?
  * How to use this action?
    * Select "Add Leads under an Affiliate" action
    * Choose the Affiliate Campaign and Affiliates

* * *

## **What is the "Add Leads under an Affiliate"  Action in Workflows?**

The Add Leads under an Affiliate action in workflows allows you to add leads under a specific affiliate campaign and affiliate. With this action, you can specify the affiliate campaign and then choose the affiliates within that campaign under whom you want to add the new lead.

###   

### **What are some good usage cases for this?**

Here are some excellent usage cases for the "Add Leads under an Affiliate" action in workflows:

**Reward Lead Generation:** Use this action to add a lead when someone fills out a form, survey, or calendar. Subsequently, use the "Manual Sales" action to assign a manual sale and generate commissions for the sale. This allows users to reward affiliates for generating leads and provide commissions for successful sales.

**Custom Lead Nurturing:** Automatically assign leads to affiliates for targeted nurturing and follow-up. Affiliates can then engage with the leads, providing personalized communication to increase the likelihood of conversion.

**Simplify Administrative Tasks:** Reduce the manual effort involved in assigning leads to affiliates by automating the process, saving time and minimizing errors in lead allocation.

* * *

## **How to use this action?**

### **Select "Add Leads under an Affiliate" action**

## 

##   

### **Choose the Affiliate Campaign and Affiliates**

Select the affiliate campaign from the dropdown. Post this the affiliate dropdown will only show the affiliates that are added in the selected campaign.

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Add Leads under an Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/155000003429-workflow-action-add-leads-under-an-affiliate)
  * [Action - Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/155000002692-action-add-manual-sales-for-an-affiliate)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)
  * [How to Automate Lead Assignment to Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003665-how-to-automate-lead-assignment-to-affiliates)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
