Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to add Payment Plans to your Invoices?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to add Payment Plans to your Invoices?

Modified on: Thu, 22 Aug, 2024 at 5:57 AM

Overview

  * Users can split their invoices into a payment plan installments
  * A split can be made both on Percentage basis as well as amount basis
  * Each split carries with it a Due Date and Payment Status of that split. Notifications will go on split's due date reminding user to Pay their installment (if not paid already)
  * Payments can be done only in predefined split and user can choose to pay one or more installment at a go. An Invoice will get paid once all installment are paid.
  * Automate payments for invoices with scheduled payment plans: While clicking on send for invoice, enable auto-payments and start charging automatically for subsequent payments on scheduled payment dates

How to use?

  * Click on add payment schedule in an invoice

  * Set up the payment terms with a percentage or fixed amount and send it

  * User will view the invoice with ability to view the plan on the invoice

  * User will then pay the invoice and have an option to either select that payment schedule value or add other schedules as well by clicking on a checkbox  
**How to enable Auto-Payments on single invoice with a payment plan?**

    * Set up auto-payments: Click on send -> In the modal, enable auto-payments by clicking on the blue toggle while sending your invoice which has a payment schedule.
      * Use customer card (Card used for paying the first time), saved cards of the customer or a new card while sending the invoice out.
  * View details of the auto paid invoices in the transactions  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to create recurring Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/48001219440-how-to-create-recurring-invoices)
  * [How to Set Up Flexible Payment Plans in Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/155000002911-how-to-set-up-flexible-payment-plans-in-invoices)
  * [How to Use Invoices in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003058-how-to-use-invoices-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [2 in 1 Documents: Direct Invoice payments after signing](/support/solutions/articles/155000004063-2-in-1-documents-direct-invoice-payments-after-signing)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
