Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How to Use the Plain Text Editor for Emails

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use the Plain Text Editor for Emails

Modified on: Thu, 10 Oct, 2024 at 1:12 PM

We are pleased to announce the addition of a Plain Text editor for emails, expanding our editor options to three.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Why Plain Text?
  * What do the metrics say?
  * Benefits:
  * How to Use:

## **Why Plain Text?**

Plain text emails offer a simple, personal approach similar to messages from your personal inbox. They focus on the message itself with minimal branding and design.

They have multiple use cases, some of them are -

  * Text heavy communications use big text snippets. This editor ensures symmetric readability across all devices.
  * Personalized emails like welcome emails or apology emails are still preferred to be direct and not design-heavy

## **What do the metrics say?**

Various researches have shown that the probability of a customer interacting with a plain text email is almost twice as high as that of a design-intensive email. 

## **Benefits:**

  * Simplicity: Easy to understand and use.

  * Personalization: Feels like a direct communication.

  * Compatibility: Fewer rendering issues across email clients. This looks great on any device

## **How to Use:**

  1. Navigate to "Email Marketing" -> "Templates".  

  2. Click "New" and select "Blank Template".  

  3. Choose the Plain Text editor.  

  4. Compose your email and attach images as needed.  

5\. Click on the three dots to handle the settings, send test email, or preview this email. Click on "Save template" to exit.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use the Email Builder and its In-line Editor](/support/solutions/articles/155000000087-how-to-use-the-email-builder-and-its-in-line-editor)
  * [RSS Blocks In Email Builder](/support/solutions/articles/48001201780-rss-blocks-in-email-builder)
  * [How to Use the Rich Text Editor to Enhance Your Calendar Descriptions](/support/solutions/articles/155000003059-how-to-use-the-rich-text-editor-to-enhance-your-calendar-descriptions)
  * [RSS Email Body showing HTML tags?](/support/solutions/articles/48001202219-rss-email-body-showing-html-tags-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
