Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. Math Calculations in Forms/Surveys

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Math Calculations in Forms/Surveys

Modified on: Fri, 27 Sep, 2024 at 2:15 PM

We are excited to introduce the new Math calculations feature in forms and surveys, allowing users to add custom fields and set up a Calculator based on the fields in the form or survey.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What’s New?
    * Fields supported right now:
  * How It Works?
  * Why This Feature? 

## **What’s New?**

  * Custom Field - Score:Users can now add a custom field to calculate scores based on their inputs.

  * Calculator: Set up math calculation logic using numerical and monetary fields within forms and surveys using the brand new calculator

  * Real-time Calculation:Scores are calculated in real-time during form or survey preview.

  * Support of Score in conditional logic: Setup logics and workflows based on scores to redirect to url, disqualify, show/hide fields.

### **Fields supported right now:**

  * Numerical type fields

  * Monetary type fields.

## **How It Works?**

  * Adding Custom Field: Navigate to the form or survey builder, drag and drop "Score" field from Quick Add.

  * Setting Up Calculations: Define your calculation logic by selecting the relevant numerical or monetary fields and specifying the calculation rules.

  * Previewing: Use the preview mode to see real-time calculations as data is entered.

## **Why This Feature?  **

This feature is designed to provide more advanced capabilities for users who need to perform calculations within their forms and surveys. Whether it's for scoring, budgeting, or other purposes, the ability to calculate in real-time enhances the usability and efficiency of forms and surveys.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [Action - Math Operation](/support/solutions/articles/48001216182-action-math-operation)
  * [Workflow Action - Math Operation](/support/solutions/articles/155000003356-workflow-action-math-operation)
  * [Themes in Forms/Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000001315-themes-in-forms-surveys)
  * [Workflow Action - Array Function](/support/solutions/articles/155000003359-workflow-action-array-function)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
