Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Set Up Automatic Tax Calculations in Invoices

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Set Up Automatic Tax Calculations in Invoices

Modified on: Mon, 19 Aug, 2024 at 2:35 PM

Business user's can now create Invoices with automatic taxes.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What’s New? 
  * How to Use it 

##   
**What’s New?  **

Automatic taxes will be available when all products have:

  * Tax category attached to it or default tax category is configured in payment settings

  * Valid US state present for invoice contact

  * Valid postal code present for invoice contact  

When Automatic taxes are configured for recurring invoices, they will be present on all invoices generated.

Also introducing new add tax modal which can be used to attach automatic taxes / manual taxes at invoice level, i.e. attaching tax to all products of invoice

## **How to Use it**  

  * Go to Payments -> Settings - > Taxes
  * Enable Automatic Taxes -> Enter in all the details required
  * Enable automatic taxes on Invoices while creating it

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Automatically Calculate Sales Tax Based on Location](/support/solutions/articles/155000003066-how-to-automatically-calculate-sales-tax-based-on-location)
  * [How-to add Taxes Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001224104-how-to-add-taxes-overview)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)
  * [Math Calculations in Forms/Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003634-math-calculations-in-forms-surveys)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
