Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. Ad Manager settings: Audiences tab

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Ad Manager settings: Audiences tab

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 3:04 AM

In this article we will be discussing about where you can find the list of existing custom and lookalike audiences and perform the below listed actions:

Create a new audience

Edit the name and description of an existing audience

Delete an existing audience

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Where to find the list of audiences in Ad Manager?
  * How to create a new audience?
  * What are the other actions that can be performed on the existing audiences?
  * How to delete an audience?

* * *

## **Where to find the list of audiences in Ad Manager?**

You can go to Ad Manager settings by clicking the settings icon (highlighted in the screenshot below) on the Ad Manager home page.

There are four tabs present under ad manager settings, namely '**Integrations** ', '**Pages** ', '**Conversions** ' and '**Audiences** ' with each having a specific function or the information they hold. As part of this article we will be focusing on the "Audiences" tab and it's constituents.

    **Note:  **The Ad Manager settings section remains same for both the pricing plans with one exception of Integrations tab missing for Default Ad manager as we do not need an ad account connection for it because we create child Business Manager for the user to use Ad Manager and publish ads by having card on file with us.

Once user clicks on the Audiences tab, they can see the list of all the audiences created within Ad Manager and the audiences already created in Meta platform and pulled in from the connected ad account.

* * *

## **How to create a new audience?**

There are two ways to create new audiences(both lookalike and custom audience) which are as follows:

  1. During the campaign creation flow, both custom and lookalike audiences can be created and the steps to do so are detailed in the respective articles: [Create lookalike audiences in Ad Manager ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000003264-create-lookalike-audiences-in-ad-manager)and [Create custom audiences in Ad Manager](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000003236-create-custom-audiences-in-ad-manager). The mentioned articles can be referred for detailed steps on how to create respective audiences.
  2. In the Ad Manager settings > under the Audiences tab, we have the provision to create new audiences by clicking on the 'Create new audience' button which further opens up into two options namely, Lookalike and Custom Audience. On click of either, the respective flow to create the audience begins and user can successfully create an audience which will start showing up in the below shown list of audiences. Refer to the help articles mentioned in point 1 for detailed steps to create an audience.  

* * *

## **What are the other actions that can be performed on the existing audiences?**

Along with the option to create new audiences, below is the list of actions that can be performed on the existing audiences:

  1. Users can search for a specific audience by clicking on the 'search for audience' box and look for an audience present in the list by typing in the name of the audience.
  2. An additional selection box exists next to the search box to show 'All', 'Custom' and 'Lookalike' audiences. On click of each from the list, the behaviour of the list will change based on:  
  
**All** \- The list will show all the audiences irrespective of their type that are present within Ad Manager.  
**Custom Audience** \- The list will show only the custom audiences that are present within Ad Manager.  
**Lookalike Audience** \- The audience list will show only the lookalike audiences that are present within Ad Manager.  

  3. Users can edit the name and description of an existing audience by clicking on the ellipses present in line with each audience and clicking on **Edit**.  

and a dialog to edit the audience name and description of the corresponding audience opens up.  

* * *

## **How to delete an audience?**

The ellipses with the option to **Delete**  is present in line with each audience, user can click on the delete button to remove the corresponding audience from all the draft and paused campaigns provided the audience is not associated to any active campaign.

    1. When a user tries to delete an audience that is part of one or multiple active campaigns, a validation is shown outlining the same that the audience cannot be deleted as it belongs to an active campaign.

    In order to delete the audience, all the active campaigns associated with the audience you wish to delete needs to be paused to successfully delete the audience.

    2. If user is trying to delete a custom audience that is used to create a lookalike audience, an error message will be shown advising otherwise and it cannot be deleted unless associated lookalike audience is deleted.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [Create lookalike audiences in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003264-create-lookalike-audiences-in-ad-manager)
  * [Ad Manager: Audience controls](/support/solutions/articles/155000003052-ad-manager-audience-controls)
  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Create custom audiences in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003236-create-custom-audiences-in-ad-manager)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
