Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
  4. [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  6. How to Save Draft Messages in Conversations

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Save Draft Messages in Conversations

Modified on: Mon, 9 Sep, 2024 at 1:57 PM

Exciting news! We've rolled out the capability to automatically retain unsent messages in Conversations, allowing you to resume your work seamlessly.

## **What’s New?**

  * Unsent messages in Conversations are now automatically retained.
  * If you begin typing a message and leave the screen before sending, your draft will be preserved and ready when you return.
  * This means you won’t lose your progress and can pick up right where you left off without having to retype.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Unread VS Read - Must Manually Mark as Read](/support/solutions/articles/48000980858-unread-vs-read-must-manually-mark-as-read)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to CC (Carbon Copy) and BCC (Blind Carbon Copy) for email composer](/support/solutions/articles/155000000444-how-to-cc-carbon-copy-and-bcc-blind-carbon-copy-for-email-composer)
  * [Contact Engagement score](/support/solutions/articles/155000001251-contact-engagement-score)

## You may like to read -

  * [Action - WhatsApp](/support/solutions/articles/155000003531-action-whatsapp)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [WhatsApp: Customer Service Window Check](/support/solutions/articles/155000003235-whatsapp-customer-service-window-check)
  * [WhatsApp Schedule Send](/support/solutions/articles/155000003402-whatsapp-schedule-send)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
