Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. Direct posting for Tiktok! Forget Push Notifications

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Direct posting for Tiktok! Forget Push Notifications

Modified on: Wed, 10 Jan, 2024 at 5:11 PM

Experience stress-free TikTok Personal/Business posting with our platform! Say goodbye to push notification hassles and embrace seamless, direct posting. 

Create, customize, and schedule your content at your convenience for maximum engagement. Elevate your TikTok experience – start posting effortlessly today!

✨ Efficiency: Say goodbye to manual push notifications and save time in content distribution.  

⏰ Consistent Scheduling: Plan ahead and ensure a well-timed presence on TikTok without daily manual intervention.  

?  Enhanced Planning: Strategise your content effectively, considering optimal posting times and frequency for better audience engagement.  

? Reduced Stress: Automate the posting process for a smoother, stress-free content creation experience.  

? Improved Engagement: Reach your audience when they're most active, leading to increased engagement.  

? Better Analytics:Track post performance and optimize your content strategy over time.  

? Multi-Platform Integration: Streamline content distribution across multiple social media accounts effortlessly.

**How to do Direct Tiktok Posting?**

1\. Go to Marketing > Social Planner

2\. In Social Planner, Create new post by selecting the social Tiktok Personal or Business Account

3\. To create new post, add following  

  * Add content for your post
  * Who can view the video - Everyone, friends and only me
  * Allow users to do duet, comment and stitch on video shared
  * Disclose the video content when shared

****  

4\. User can schedule the post directly for Tiktok

? Don't miss out – supercharge your TikTok experience NOW! #TikTokMagic #DirectPostingRevolution

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Connect TikTok in Social Planner?](/support/solutions/articles/48001227317-how-to-connect-tiktok-in-social-planner-)
  * [Workflow Trigger - TikTok Form Submit](/support/solutions/articles/155000003262-workflow-trigger-tiktok-form-submit)
  * [How to Integrate TikTok Lead Ads](/support/solutions/articles/48001223558-how-to-integrate-tiktok-lead-ads)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
