Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  6. AI Employee

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# AI Employee

Modified on: Thu, 24 Oct, 2024 at 5:43 AM

AI Employee provides access to the AI features on the platform for the subaccount. An agency can manage access to AI features and the sub-account's pricing options. 

The AI employee provides access to:

  1. Conversation AI
  2. AI Agents (Voice)
  3. Content AI
  4. Reviews AI

There are 2 pricing options for the AI Employee:

  1. Monthly Unlimited AI Employee plan - Get Unlimited access to all the above 4 AI products for a sub-account at $97 per month
    1. Unlimited Conversation AI messages
    2. Unlimited Voice AI minutes
    3. Unlimited Content AI - text and image generations
    4. Unlimited Review Replies
  2. Usage-based depending on individual AI offerings (excluding AI Agents (Voice))

**In This Article**

  * Enabling AI Employees for your Agency and Sub-accounts
  * Unlimited Monthly AI Employee plan for a subaccount

* * *

## Enabling AI Employees for your Agency and Sub-accounts

To enable "AI Employee" for your agency, check the AI employee toggle in the "Company" tab of your Agency Settings.

Click the agency switcher tab at the top left corner of the sidebar.

Click "Switch to Agency View" tab.  

Look for **"Settings"** tab at the bottom left corner of the sidebar.  

Click **"Company"** tab to get into the company menu. Once you are inside the company menu, scroll down until you see the **"AI Employee"** feature. Enable it using the toggle.  

There you have enabled the AI Employee. Now you can customize the offering for individual sub accounts based on your clients usage and requirements.

## Granting/Limiting access to "AI Employee" feature to different sub accounts.

Now lets see how to manage the access to your Sub-accounts from the "AI Employee" tab.

In order to locate the **"AI Employee"** option, you will need to access agency settings. If you are in one of the sub-accounts then you will first need to **"Switch to Agency View"**. Next, Click **"Settings"** tab located at the bottom left corner. Scroll down for **"AI Employee"  **option.

Here you can view the list of your sub accounts in the first column. There is a toggle button next to each sub account for you to enable or disable "AI Employee" option for each individual sub-account.

You can also choose to enable or disable rebilling for each sub-account and set the rebelling amount. Enabling the toggle will open up a page where you will be able to set the rebilling amount. Lets turn one of the toggle on.

Here you can set the Rebill amount by moving the pointer from left to right. In this example, we have set the amount to 2.5X.  This means, your customer will be charged $2.5 for the cost of $1.  

Now that you have set the pricing, save your rebilling amount by clicking "Enable Rebilling" button.

Along with usage-based pricing for each AI product (with the exception of AI Agents (Voice), AI employee also offers an **Unlimited monthly plan** for each sub-account to use all the above AI products for $97 per month per sub-account.

In the next few steps you will learn how you can set your pricing model to offer unlimited monthly plan for your customers.

If you are in the Agency View then you can just look for **"Reselling"** tab located at the navigation sidebar on the left side. If you are in one of the sub-accounts, you will first need to **"Switch to Agency View"** to be able to find the "Reselling" tab.

Scroll down to find **"AI Employee Reselling"** option. This is the area where you can customize your offer.

Enter the price in the **"Your Price"** field.

**"Save"** your changes.

###   

### Below are the the different areas where your customers will be able to see your **Unlimited Monthly AI Employee plan** inside their sub-account

  1. Conversation AI
  2. Voice AI
  3. Content AI
  4. Reviews AI

In this example, we will see how your customer can see your Unlimited monthly offer when they are inside **"Reviews AI"** section. Below are the steps you can follow.

**Step 1:  **If you are in a "Agency View" you will need to go to the sub account. Click the Sub account switcher tab located at the top left corner.

**Step 2 :  **Select your desired sub-account from the list. You have to make sure that the sub account you are going to select has "AI Employee" feature  already enabled.

**Step 3 :** Click**  "Reputation" **tab from the left side navigation menu.** ** Next, Click the **"Settings"** button.

**Step 4 :** Click **"Upgrade to AI Employee"** button.

Remember we set $297 as monthly price in our agency settings? This is how your your customers will see the option to go from usage based pricing to a fix monthly price.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Conversation AI Bot - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000001335-conversation-ai-bot-explained)
  * [Pricing and Rebilling Conversation AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000001357-pricing-and-rebilling-conversation-ai)
  * [Workflow X Conversation AI - Conversation AI Action *Beta](/support/solutions/articles/155000001358-workflow-x-conversation-ai-conversation-ai-action-beta)
  * [Enable Conversation AI for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000001361-enable-conversation-ai-for-your-agency)

## You may like to read -

  * [AI Employee Voice Call Capabilities](/support/solutions/articles/155000003911-ai-employee-voice-call-capabilities)
  * [Workflow AI Assistant](/support/solutions/articles/155000003970-workflow-ai-assistant)
  * [How to generate images for Social Planner using Content AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000000088-how-to-generate-images-for-social-planner-using-content-ai)
  * [AI Tools in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002166-ai-tools-in-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
