Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  6. How to create a WhatsApp Template?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to create a WhatsApp Template?

Modified on: Wed, 21 Aug, 2024 at 8:15 PM

### More Tutorials From the Community

<https://youtu.be/A-kb-MuolHI>

<https://youtu.be/DXP-icQTiXs>

<https://youtu.be/zAk1TSMJgdA>

When you create a new template in WhatsApp Manager, you select its category. We then validate this category using [_**our category guidelines**_](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001058-template-categorisation-guidelines) and set your template's status based on the results of this validation.

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Pre-requisites for using WhatsApp at a location?
  * Setting Up a WhatsApp Template
  * Setting Up an Interactive WhatsApp Template
  * Setting Up trigger links under WhatsApp Template
  * What's next?
  * Frequently Asked Questions
    * How do we add custom variables in Header and Body of a Template?
    * How do you submit a rejected template or edit a previously approved template?

* * *

## **Pre-requisites for using WhatsApp at a location?**

**The location should have an active WhatsApp Subscription and the Meta onboarding should be completed.**

[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)Please refer to the steps mentioned in the [**_WhatsApp Location Onboarding Steps and Best Practices_**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001206221-whatsapp-location-onboarding-steps-and-best-practices).

* * *

## **Setting Up a WhatsApp Template**

If you wish to offer a different rate to certain clients, you can do so by following these two steps:

**Step 1 :** Go to Sub-Account -> Settings -> WhatsApp -> Template tab -> Click on Create Template

    **Learn how to Add a Media to your templates!****** WhatsApp's latest update introduces support for Media Templates, enabling users to send various types of media content, including Images, Videos Documents, and Location. Learn more here: [WhatsApp Media Templates](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002330-whatsapp-media-templates)

**Step 2 :  **A new section will open where you will need to fill in the Template Name, Category, Language and Header the information  

**Details around the fields available**

  1. **Template Name** \- The name of the template should be set using lowercase characters.
  2. **Category** \- Slecet between the Marketing and Utility Category. Read about _[Template Categorisation Guidelines](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001058-template-categorisation-guidelines)_.
  3. **Language** \- Select from the list of all the languages available.
  4. **Header (Optional)** \- You can add a static or a variable header. Only 1 custom variable is allowed in the header.

**Step 3 :  **Fill in additional details Body and Footer

**Details around the fields available**

  1. **Body** \- The message that would be sent to the customer. You can add multiple custom variables while creating the template by clicking on Add Variable. 
  2. **Footer (Optional)** \- You can add a static footer.

> **NOTE: Please fill sample value for all the custom variables added as Meta need examples to be sent while submitting the Template.**

**Step 4 :  **Verify the template message and hit on Create

 __

__

**Step 5 :  **Now we will send this template to Meta for approval and you can track the status in the Template Tab.

**Statuses for Templates**

  1. **Pending -  **Template successfully submitted and sent to Meta for approval.
  2. **Approved** \- Template is successfully verified and can be used for seeing messages to the customers. _[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001058-template-categorisation-guidelines)_
  3. **Rejected** \- The template was rejected by Meta and needs to be resubmitted. Read FAQ for re submission.

* * *

## **Setting Up an Interactive WhatsApp Template**

Step 1: Go to Settings > WhatsApp > Templates 

Step 2: Create Template > Add Button

Step 3: Select the **types of CTA button** you wish to add: Quick Reply, Visit Website, Personalized Website Link, Call Phone Number, Copy Offer Code, or Marketing Opt-Out.

**Quick Replies:**

  * Allow users to respond quickly with predefined options, enhancing the conversation flow and user engagement. This allows customers to reply without typing.

**Visit Website:**

  * Direct users to your website with a single click, increasing traffic and improving conversion rates.

**Personalized Website Links:**

  * Utilize dynamic “Visit Website” buttons to customize links for each customer, offering a personalized experience and boosting engagement.
  * Adding a variable creates a personalized link for the customer to view their info. Only one variable can be added to the end of a URL.

**Call Phone Number:**

  * Provide an option for users to call a specified phone number directly from the message, facilitating immediate communication and support.

**Copy Offer Code:**

  * Enable users to easily copy promotional codes or offer details, making it convenient for them to redeem offers.

**Marketing Opt-Out:**

  * Give users the option to opt out of marketing messages effortlessly, ensuring compliance with WhatsApp regulations and improving user trust.

* * *

## **Setting Up trigger links under WhatsApp Template**

Step 1: Create trigger link > Marketing > Trigger Links > Add Link

Step 2: Go to Settings > WhatsApp > Templates > Create Template > Body > Add Variable > Trigger Link

* * *

## **What's next?**

  1. Once your clients have a registered template they can start using the below and product areas to send/receive WhatsApp messages.
  2. If you still have not added a number that can be used inside WhatsApp, refer below:

* * *

## **_Frequently Asked Questions_**

  1. ### **How do we add custom variables in Header and Body of a Template?**

**Step 1** \- Click on add variable available under Header or Body.  
**Step 2** \- Click on tag icon and select the custom variable(as in this case it is contact name) and a sample text(Shubham Gupta in this case).
  2. ### **How do you submit a rejected template or edit a previously approved template?**

****Step 1** - **Click on the accordion icon and hit Edit template****Step 2** \- Fill in all the information again and hit Create.**

##   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)

## You may like to read -

  * [Action - WhatsApp Customer Service Window Check](/support/solutions/articles/155000003533-action-whatsapp-customer-service-window-check)
  * [Template Categorisation Guidelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001058-template-categorisation-guidelines)
  * [WhatsApp Flows: In app Appointment Booking](/support/solutions/articles/155000003720-whatsapp-flows-in-app-appointment-booking)
  * [WhatsApp: Template Level Analytics](/support/solutions/articles/155000003714-whatsapp-template-level-analytics)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
