Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Connect and Use Square Payment Processor in HighLevel

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Connect and Use Square Payment Processor in HighLevel

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 1:50 AM

Business users will now be able to connect their Square accounts for processing payments within GHL

This is available under sub-account Payments -> Integrations and businesses will be able to connect using their API keys.

Businesses will be able to process one-time as well as subscription payments by configuring products under Payments -> Products. This includes support for all features available under sub-account like order forms, invoices, online stores, forms, memberships, payment links and more. This is not available for SaaS and re-billing right now. Businesses will be able to track all payments made under Payments -> Orders and Transactions and all existing trigger functionalities will also be available along with this integration.

To connect to Square in Sandbox/Test Mode, follow the below steps:  
1\. Login to you square account - <https://app.squareup.com/login>  
2\. Open the sandbox square account from your square dashboard and stay signed in as a square sandbox user  
3\. Then go to GHL and click on the Connect button for Square Test Mode. It will automatically pick that signed in sandbox account and connect it to GHL

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [Trigger - Inbound Webhook](/support/solutions/articles/155000003147-trigger-inbound-webhook)
  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Calendly to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003308-calendly-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [GDPR Compliance and Data Privacy](/support/solutions/articles/48001210915-gdpr-compliance-and-data-privacy)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
