Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to use Woocommerce Integration in E-commerce stores?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to use Woocommerce Integration in E-commerce stores?

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 10:19 AM

About:

Store owners can now seamlessly import and sync their WooCommerce store data with HighLevel (GHL). This new feature allows store owners to easily migrate and manage their WooCommerce store by importing contacts, orders, and transactions into GHL. Additionally, WooCommerce store owners can leverage GHL’s marketing tools, including triggers like Order Submitted Trigger and Payment Received Trigger for better automation.

How to use:

  1. Access the Integration Settings:

 Woocommerce integration can be found within a sub-account at: 

Settings > Integration > Woocommerce

.
  2. Connect the WooCommerce Store: 

Users can click on “connect” button to begin the setup. A modal will appear where users must enter a valid WooCommerce store URL (e.g., 

https://yourstore.com

 without a trailing slash) as the first step.
  3. Select Data to Import:

 In the second step, users will be directed to the Import Elements screen, where they can select which data to import from their WooCommerce store. The available options for import are: Contacts, Orders, Transactions.
  4. Configure Syncing Settings:

 The third and final step takes users to the Sync Settings screen, where users can choose which data to continuously sync from WooCommerce to GHL in future. The options for syncing include: Contacts, Orders, Transactions, Order submitted trigger, Payment received trigger.
  5. Completing the Setup: 

After selecting the desired elements to import and sync, click Save. The import and sync process may take some time to complete.
  6. Manage Settings:

 Once the WooCommerce integration is successfully connected, users can enable or disable the elements they want to sync for future orders from the WooCommerce store.
  7. Reimporting Data:

 If users wish to reimport data, they can disconnect and reconnect the integration, allowing them to reimport any data they may have missed during the initial import.

Notes:

  1. Woocommerce Integration Criteria:

 Sub-accounts within the same agency can connect to the same domain. However, an agency can only be linked to one WooCommerce account. If the WooCommerce account is already connected to another agency, the current agency will not be allowed to connect.
  2. Customer Type Import:

 Customers with role “customers” & “subscribers” will be imported.
  3. Contact Creation with Disabled Customer Sync: 

Even if Contact sync is disabled and the Order sync is enabled, contacts will be created related to the order.
  4. Guest Checkout Handling: 

Guest checkout customers will be created as contacts, but no updates or future syncs will occur for these guest accounts.
  5. WooCommerce Status Mappings:

 The following mappings will apply for syncing order statuses from WooCommerce to GHL:
    1. **Completed** or **Refunded** in WooCommerce → **Completed** in GHL
    2. **Cancelled** or **Failed** in WooCommerce → **Cancelled** in GHL
    3. All other statuses in WooCommerce → **Pending** in GHL

Images:

  * Woocommerce Integration:

  * Woocommerce link:

  * Import Elements:

  * Approve Woocommerce permissions:

  * Modify sync options in Settings:

  * Orders page has Subtype of Woocommerce:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to sell products on Facebook and Instagram Shops?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004055-how-to-sell-products-on-facebook-and-instagram-shops-)
  * [How to Use the Manual Payment Method in Your Ecommerce Store](/support/solutions/articles/155000003198-how-to-use-the-manual-payment-method-in-your-ecommerce-store)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [White Label Payment Provider Solution for NMI & Authorize.net](/support/solutions/articles/155000002747-white-label-payment-provider-solution-for-nmi-authorize-net)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
