Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  6. How to pin dashboards as favourite

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to pin dashboards as favourite

Modified on: Tue, 5 Dec, 2023 at 4:56 AM

Elevate your dashboard accessibility by pinning your favorite and most frequently used dashboards. This feature ensures swift access to your preferred insights whenever you need them. Follow these simple steps to start pinning dashboards.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

      * Step 1: Access the Dashboard Navigation
      * Step 2: Pin or Unpin Dashboards
    * Note: 
    * What's Next:

* * *

### **Step 1: Access the Dashboard Navigation**

  * Locate the dashboard navigation button situated in the top left corner of your screen.

### **Step 2: Pin or Unpin Dashboards**

  * In the dashboard list, simply locate the desired dashboard, then toggle the pin icon next to its name to either pin or unpin the dashboard, depending on its current state.

* * *

## **Note:**** **

_Wondering which plan unlocks the customizable multiple Dashboards?_

It's currently available exclusively for the $497 plan and beyond. If you're on the $97 or $297 plan, we recommend leveling up to unlock this feature. 

* * *

## **What's Next:**

  * [How to Edit a dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001536)
  * [How to manage permissions for a dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001532)
  * [How to create Dashboards](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001531)

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Dashboard: Opportunities, Pipeline Value, Conversion Rate, Funnel, Stages Distribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001152117-dashboard-opportunities-pipeline-value-conversion-rate-funnel-stages-distribution)
  * [Dashboard Funnel chart opportunities explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181826-dashboard-funnel-chart-opportunities-explained)
  * [Lead source report explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181830-lead-source-report-explained)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to clone a dashboard (in the same location)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001534-how-to-clone-a-dashboard-in-the-same-location-)
  * [How to duplicate a dashboard to another sub-account](/support/solutions/articles/155000001571-how-to-duplicate-a-dashboard-to-another-sub-account)
  * [How to manage permissions for a dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001532-how-to-manage-permissions-for-a-dashboard)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
