Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665901)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665901)
  6. Enhanced Email Verification for Campaigns!

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Enhanced Email Verification for Campaigns!

Modified on: Fri, 16 Aug, 2024 at 10:43 PM

Previously, we did not verify email addresses for our email campaigns. This oversight could have led to identity spoofing and potential damage to your reputation.

To enhance security and protect your reputation, we now require verification of your From email address before sending an email campaign. This measure ensures that only valid email addresses are used, preventing anyone from spoofing your email address. 

In certain cases, email verification is not required:

  1. Custom domains provided under LC email.
  2. Location admin email present in settings.

## **How to Verify Your Email**

  1. Navigate to the email marketing section and create a campaign.
  2. Enter the email address you wish to verify in the sender email field.
  3. Click on the "Verify Now" option.

  4. Check your email for an OTP (One-Time Password) and enter the 6-digit OTP.

  5. Once the OTP is entered, your email address is verified and can be used for future campaigns.
  6. Additionally, this can also be done through the settings page, by clicking on "Verify an email"

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Sending Priority - From Name & Address](/support/solutions/articles/48000979925-sending-priority-from-name-address)
  * [Email Services Configuration - Reply & Forward Settings](/support/solutions/articles/48001155000-email-services-configuration-reply-forward-settings)
  * [List of all outgoing system generated emails](/support/solutions/articles/48001209235-list-of-all-outgoing-system-generated-emails)
  * [Filter Contacts by Email Stats and Enhanced Filtering Options](/support/solutions/articles/155000000330-filter-contacts-by-email-stats-and-enhanced-filtering-options)

## You may like to read -

  * [Introducing Enhanced Sub-Account Filtering: Manage Email Providers with Ease!](/support/solutions/articles/155000000331-introducing-enhanced-sub-account-filtering-manage-email-providers-with-ease-)
  * [Email Verification feature in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000002668-email-verification-feature-in-forms-and-surveys)
  * [How to Use SMS Verification in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003195-how-to-use-sms-verification-in-forms-and-surveys)
  * [How to use the Email Risk Assessment Tool for LC Email](/support/solutions/articles/155000000577-how-to-use-the-email-risk-assessment-tool-for-lc-email)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
