Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
  4. [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
     * [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  6. How to Complete your 1099 Form for 2023 Income

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Complete your 1099 Form for 2023 Income

Modified on: Wed, 31 Jan, 2024 at 4:48 PM

As we approach tax season, we want to ensure a smooth process for everyone. Qualifying affiliates should have received an email from [Tax1099.com](http://Tax1099.com) to access your 1099 from HighLevel for the 2023 tax year.

The IRS requires us to send out 1099s prior to January 31st. This 1099 outlines the total amount you received from HighLevel in 2023 and is essential for your tax return.

You'll need to follow the directions provided in that email to be able to access it.

**What to do:**

**1\. Log In:** [Click here](https://www.tax1099.com/) to access the login page.

**2\. Enter Email ID:  **Use the email address where you received the Tax1099.com email.

**3\. Password:  **Refer to the Password Scenarios listed at the bottom of the login screen for the correct password.

Here's a sneak peek of what the email looks like so you can find it in your inbox:

We appreciate your prompt attention to this matter. Your cooperation ensures a seamless tax season for all of us.

If you have any questions or encounter issues please reach out to our accounting team at **accounting@gohighlevel.com**.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

## You may like to read -

  * [Important Notice: Verify Your Sole Proprietor Brands OTP](/support/solutions/articles/155000000007-important-notice-verify-your-sole-proprietor-brands-otp)
  * [How to send confirmations after purchase of orders](/support/solutions/articles/155000001437-how-to-send-confirmations-after-purchase-of-orders)
  * [Unregistered 10DLC Message Fees Will Increase; Register Numbers by June 1, 2023 to Avoid Higher Unregistered Messaging Fees](/support/solutions/articles/48001238099-unregistered-10dlc-message-fees-will-increase-register-numbers-by-june-1-2023-to-avoid-higher-unreg)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
