Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Action - Add Contact Tag

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Add Contact Tag

Modified on: Tue, 20 Aug, 2024 at 5:07 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * Action Details
  * Example

##   

## Overview

The **Add Contact Tag** action adds specific tags to contacts, which helps in organizing, categorizing, and triggering various workflows. Tags are a crucial feature for maintaining structured contact records and enabling automation processes.

## Action Name

**Add Contact Tag**

##  Action Description

The **Add Contact Tag** action is designed to automatically apply one or more tags to a contact's record. User can also create new tags from the action itself.

## Action Details

Step by Step Guide

  * **Choose the Action Type:** Select "**Add Contact Tag** " from the list of available actions.
  * **Name Your Action:** Enter a descriptive name for the action, such as "**Tag Added**."
  * **Select Tags:** Select one or multiple tags that you want to add to the contact.
  * **Delete Tags:  **Click on the "x" icon to de-select the already selected tags from the list.
  * **Add New Tag:** If you want to add a tag and it is not available in the list, simply type the tag that you would like to add and click on "Add New Tag" button and the tag will be added.

##   

## 

## Example

### Add a tag when user has came through Facebook

**Scenario:** A business wants to add a tag to the customers that have replied on a post and are interested in buying the product. The user wants to add a "Facebook" tag to the user to run separate marketing campaign in the future.

**Action Setup:**

  * **Action:  **Add Contact Tag
  * **Name:** Tag is added
  * **Fields:  **Select "Facebook" tag from the list

**Workflow Trigger:**

  1. ****Facebook - Comments On A Post:**  **The contact will enter the workflow when they have commented on the selected Facebook post.

**Workflow Actions:**

  1. **Add Tag:** Automatically adds the "Facebook" tag to the contact.
  2. **Facebook Interactive Messenger:** Start a conversation with the customer over Facebook DM.

**Outcome:** This ensures that the tag is added to the contact and categorize the contact on the basis of tags.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Workflow Action - Remove Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003266-workflow-action-remove-contact-tag)
  * [Workflow Action - Copy Contact To Sub Account](/support/solutions/articles/155000003272-workflow-action-copy-contact-to-sub-account)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000002482-workflow-trigger-contact-tag)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
