[__](/support/home)

# LeadConnector

Welcome ****

**[**Login**](/support/login)**  **[**Sign up**](/support/signup)**

[Home](/support/home) [Solutions](/support/solutions)

Enter your search term here...

__ Search 

[ New support ticket  ](/support/tickets/new "New support ticket")

[ Check ticket status ](/support/tickets "Check ticket status")

[ Solution home ](/support/solutions) [LeadConnector Email](/support/solutions/48000454677) [LeadConnector Email](/support/solutions/folders/48000687936)

********

## How to enable LC Email Validation [ Print ](javascript:print\(\); "Print this Article")

Modified on: Mon, 14 Aug, 2023 at 9:35 AM

* * *

Email Validation is a process that checks if an email address is deliverable. In other words, this tool determines if it’s possible to deliver mail to that email address before you send an email.

**Please Note:**

     Email validation feature is only for LC and Mailgun users. 

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### **How to enable Email Validation**

#### **How Email Validation Works**

####   
**FAQ**

####  What does Email Validation check for?

#### Why is Email Validation important?

#### How does Email Validation impact my email deliverability?

#### When should I validate my email list?

* * *

## **How to enable Email Validation**

You can now enable or disable email verification. (only for LC Email)

[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/155005160131/original/DvPxmJDWQhOQ5md8MuYuHOloQzYtCJrRkA.png?1692023700)

* * *

## **How Email Validation Works**

  * All the emails will be validated before sending the email if it's not validated before. Before email sending, the validated date will be checked if it is validated before 90 days, re-validation will happen.  

  * On the contact detail page, the user can manually check
    * Navigate into the contact record >scroll down the right side > click the envelope icon.
    * [](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/155003776708/original/R1rozYmn0CPojrZXr8BLaDNpfQ6Ymc-7cQ.png?1690410736)| 
      * Red = Invalid or Previously bounced. The error would specify why the Email is invalid.  

---|---  
[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/155003776726/original/m74lY6sAcoHp45jQ6GvechtsWZ_TxS5hiA.png?1690410763)| 
      * Green = Verified  
[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/155003776722/original/rDyXKV_4Tr5hn6mk183Ej8PSXo5kxqTg-A.png?1690410757)| 
      * Yellow = Verified  

* * *

## **FAQ**

### **What does Email Validation check for?**

  * The email address syntax is correct.

  * The domain is set up to receive email.

  * The email address exists.

  * The email address isn’t a high-risk address.

  * The email address isn’t role-based, such as info@domain.com or admin@domain.com.

###   
**Why is Email Validation important?**

Email Validation is important because of the:

  * Boosts your delivery rate by removing invalid email addresses.
  * Maintains your mailing list hygiene by keeping your email list up-to-date.
  * Improves your email marketing metrics like click-through rate (CTR), open rate, and click-to-open ratio (CTOR).
  * Protects your sender's reputation.

###   
**How does Email Validation impact my email deliverability?**

Email deliverability is highly impacted by bounced emails. Decrease email bounces by performing email Validation ahead of time.

Your IP address and domain reputation take a hit when your email service provider (ESP) can’t place your email into a subscriber’s inbox. This impacts future deliverability because email clients rely on IP and sender reputations to determine whether or not to deliver your messages. If you have a bad sender or IP reputation, email clients may decide to place emails sent from your domain name in your subscriber’s spam folder. Or, they may not deliver them at all.

###   
**When should I validate my email list?**

If you’ve bought a mailing list (which we highly recommend that you don’t) or inherited a mailing list, you’re unfamiliar with. It’s a great idea to use an email verifier.

In addition, if your list has grown or it’s been some time since you last verified your email addresses, we recommend giving your mailing list a health check today.

* * *

Did you find it helpful? Yes No

Send feedback

Sorry we couldn't be helpful. Help us improve this article with your feedback.

__

[__]()____

### Related Articles

  * [How to use the Email Risk Assessment Tool](/support/solutions/articles/155000000576-how-to-use-the-email-risk-assessment-tool)

  * [What is a dedicated IP in LC email?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001160-what-is-a-dedicated-ip-in-lc-email-)

  * [Bot Detection Preventing Statistics Increment and Automation Execution](/support/solutions/articles/155000002956-bot-detection-preventing-statistics-increment-and-automation-execution)

  * [Google Postmaster Tools](/support/solutions/articles/155000003820-google-postmaster-tools)

  * [What is LeadConnector Email?](/support/solutions/articles/48001225442-what-is-leadconnector-email-)

  * [How to Set Up Unsubscribe Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001226926-how-to-set-up-unsubscribe-links)

  * [How to set up a dedicated sending domain within a Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001226590-how-to-set-up-a-dedicated-sending-domain-within-a-sub-account)

  * [Reverse DNS white labeling - Dedicated IP](/support/solutions/articles/155000001162-reverse-dns-white-labeling-dedicated-ip)

  * [Microsoft Smart Network Data Services (SNDS)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003679-microsoft-smart-network-data-services-snds-)

  * [Where Can I Find My SMTP Credentials?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002133-where-can-i-find-my-smtp-credentials-)

[Home](/support/home) [Solutions](/support/solutions)

