Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. Right Sidebar Revamp in Form and Survey Builder

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Right Sidebar Revamp in Form and Survey Builder

Modified on: Fri, 25 Oct, 2024 at 3:35 PM

We are excited to announce the release of the revamped Right Sidebar, designed to enhance user experience by providing better and easier access to different styles and options of form and survey builders. This update focuses on improving navigation, usability, and the overall efficiency of creating and managing forms and surveys. 

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Key Enhancement:
  * How to Use:

## **Key Enhancement:**

  * New Padding Element: For Easier control of padding
  * New Editor for Custom CSS: New editor which will make writing css style easier and prettier
  * Enhanced Navigation: Intuitive layout with collapsible sections for easier access.
  * Quick Access: Frequent styles group together for faster access.
  * Simple and Sweet: User-friendly design with a clean and intuitive interface.

## **How to Use:**

  1. Open your Form Builder.
  2. Click on Right Sidebar
  3. Section wise settings and advance Settings

Enjoy the new "Right Sidebar" enhancement and make your forms more efficient and visually appealing!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [Themes in Forms/Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000001315-themes-in-forms-surveys)
  * [Math Calculations in Forms/Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003634-math-calculations-in-forms-surveys)
  * [Source Field in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000001506-source-field-in-forms-and-surveys)
  * [How to Quickly Add and Edit Custom Fields in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003223-how-to-quickly-add-and-edit-custom-fields-in-forms-and-surveys)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
