Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
  4. [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  6. SMS Conversations: Select a Phone Number to Send SMS Mess...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# SMS Conversations: Select a Phone Number to Send SMS Messages

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 11:29 AM

**Overview:**

In this article, we will discuss how to select the phone number for sending SMS messages in the Conversations module. This feature gives you flexibility to choose the right number for each message, making your communications more relevant and efficient.

### **Covered in This Article**

  * How to select a phone number for sending SMS
  * Role level access to phone numbers

**How to select a phone number for sending SMS**

1\. Navigate to the **Conversations** module and open the message composer. Click on the **SMS** tab to start composing your message.

2\. Locate the From number dropdown and click the dropdown to view available phone numbers.

3.Clicking the dropdown will display all available numbers. By default, the last used number for messaging the contact will be selected. Below each number, the friendly name and the assigned user are displayed. Tags indicating the default number and the last used number are shown next to each option. If there is no previous conversation, default number will be selected.

**4.  **If the contact has multiple numbers, click on the dropdown next to the To field and select the appropriate recipient number for the message.  If there is no previous conversation, primary contact number will be selected by default.

**Role level access to phone numbers**

**Admins:  **Admins can access all the numbers configured in the account.

**Users:  **Users can access

  * Default number configured for the account
  * Last used number to message the contact
  * Numbers that are assigned to the specific user 
  * Numbers that are unassigned.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Unread VS Read - Must Manually Mark as Read](/support/solutions/articles/48000980858-unread-vs-read-must-manually-mark-as-read)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to CC (Carbon Copy) and BCC (Blind Carbon Copy) for email composer](/support/solutions/articles/155000000444-how-to-cc-carbon-copy-and-bcc-blind-carbon-copy-for-email-composer)
  * [Contact Engagement score](/support/solutions/articles/155000001251-contact-engagement-score)

## You may like to read -

  * [AI Employee Voice Call Capabilities](/support/solutions/articles/155000003911-ai-employee-voice-call-capabilities)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [Bulk Send SMS via Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003859-bulk-send-sms-via-contacts)
  * [Action Required: UK SMS Messages Sent Via International Long Codes Will Be Blocked from June 1, 2023](/support/solutions/articles/48001240411-action-required-uk-sms-messages-sent-via-international-long-codes-will-be-blocked-from-june-1-2023)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
