Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Prospecting](/support/solutions/48000456113)
  4. [Prospecting](/support/solutions/folders/48000690261)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Prospecting](/support/solutions/48000456113)
     * [Prospecting](/support/solutions/folders/48000690261)
  6. Prospecting Tool: Review Response Time Metric

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Prospecting Tool: Review Response Time Metric

Modified on: Wed, 2 Oct, 2024 at 10:03 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What's New:
  * Key Feature:
  * Benefit For Users:

## **What's New:**

Introducing an enhancement to our Prospecting Tool! We’ve added functionality to calculate the review response time for reviews with replies and display this information in the audit report. 

## **Key Feature:  
**

Prospecting tool now includes the Average Review Response Time metric in the audit report for reviews received on Google and Facebook for prospects. This vital information is seamlessly incorporated into the marketing audit report, ensuring you have all the crucial insights about the prospect's review management.

## **Benefit For Users:**

  1. As an Agency, this helps me identify if Prospect has any review response automation already in place.
  2. As an Agency, I can use this data as a strong selling point in marketing/sales and offer my solution/services.

**Note:**

  * For older prospects, access this information by refreshing the reports.
  * More value addition to Marketing Audit Report.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Generate Leads Using the HighLevel Prospecting Tool - The Ultimate Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001231875-how-to-generate-leads-using-the-highlevel-prospecting-tool-the-ultimate-guide)
  * [How to delete a prospect (Agency view)](/support/solutions/articles/155000000584-how-to-delete-a-prospect-agency-view-)
  * [PDF Download Option for Marketing Audit Reports](/support/solutions/articles/155000001065-pdf-download-option-for-marketing-audit-reports)
  * [Understanding the Conversion Rate in the Prospecting Tool](/support/solutions/articles/155000001355-understanding-the-conversion-rate-in-the-prospecting-tool)

## You may like to read -

  * [Prospecting Tool: Create Prospecting Widgets For Your Websites](/support/solutions/articles/155000002737-prospecting-tool-create-prospecting-widgets-for-your-websites)
  * [Understanding the Differences Between Free and Premium Marketing Audit Reports](/support/solutions/articles/155000002405-understanding-the-differences-between-free-and-premium-marketing-audit-reports)
  * [How to Generate Leads Using the HighLevel Prospecting Tool - The Ultimate Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001231875-how-to-generate-leads-using-the-highlevel-prospecting-tool-the-ultimate-guide)
  * [SEO Heatmaps in the Prospecting Tool: A Support Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000003171-seo-heatmaps-in-the-prospecting-tool-a-support-guide)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
