Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Chat Widget](/support/solutions/folders/48000667019)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Chat Widget](/support/solutions/folders/48000667019)
  6. Connect WhatsApp to Your HighLevel Chat Widget

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Connect WhatsApp to Your HighLevel Chat Widget

Modified on: Fri, 11 Oct, 2024 at 2:09 PM

[](https://youtu.be/zn4XxYg9RPM)  

    **_Please note_** : you must have WhatsApp enabled and a phone number in order to use this feature. To do so, go to "Settings" > "WhatsApp" in the side menu.

**How to enable WhatsApp Chat Widget**

1\. Go to Sites > Chat Widget  

2\. Go to the Chat Widget, navigate to Chat type and select the option of WhatsApp Chat  

3\. With the WhatsApp chat option, go to widget window to do the customization of text, colors, branding and forms with email/phone.

4\. Once the setup is done, the last part is to select the WhatsApp number. This is the number to which the message from the user will be redirected to when the chat is initiated.  

5\. Once the setup is done, click the "Save" button.  

**How It Works**

1\. Add the code to the landing page (external providers) to header code or use it by enabling toggle in Funnel/Website Settings

2\. When the chat widget is embedded, it will display on the landing page once it loads in a browser window.

3\. When the contact visits the page, completes, and submits the form, it will redirect the contact to the WhatsApp web app with the message to the number selected in widget window.

4\. You will then receive a notification in the "Conversations" view and be able to message the contact.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)
  * [Overview of Chat Widget Customizations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002960-overview-of-chat-widget-customizations)
  * [How To Automatically Add Email Addresses & Phone Numbers From FB Chat Into Contact Record](/support/solutions/articles/48001173609-how-to-automatically-add-email-addresses-phone-numbers-from-fb-chat-into-contact-record)
  * [Use Google Analytics (GA4) to Track Website and Chat Widget Activity](/support/solutions/articles/155000002178-use-google-analytics-ga4-to-track-website-and-chat-widget-activity)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Add Multiple Chat Widgets to the Same Website](/support/solutions/articles/155000003194-how-to-add-multiple-chat-widgets-to-the-same-website)
  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Squarespace Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239760-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-squarespace-website)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Weebly Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239750-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-weebly-website)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
