Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. How to customize the onboarding email that is sent to new...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to customize the onboarding email that is sent to new sub-account users?

Modified on: Thu, 13 Jun, 2024 at 11:33 AM

SaaS agencies can now customize the email that is sent to newly added sub-account users.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Step 1: Go to SaaS Configurator > Advanced Settings > Customize Welcome Email

  * Step 2: Select sub-account

  * Step 3: Customize the template

  * Step 4: Save

* * *

### **Step 1: Go to SaaS Configurator > Advanced Settings > Customize Welcome Email > Customize Now**  

### **Step 2: Select the sub-account where you want to store the email template. Select 'Customize Email'.**

****

### **Step 3: In the email builder that opens up, customize the layout, add custom values, implement brand theme etc.**

###   

### **Step 4: Select 'Save'.**

****  

    As mentioned above, the template is stored in the sub-account selected at the time of defining the template for the first time. Please DO NOT DELETE the email template at its source. Upon doing so, the customization will be lost and all emails going forward will fall back to the default email template.

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [List of all outgoing system generated emails](/support/solutions/articles/48001209235-list-of-all-outgoing-system-generated-emails)
  * [Reputation Management - How to Customize the Review Request Messages (SMS/Email)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980328-reputation-management-how-to-customize-the-review-request-messages-sms-email-)
  * [Customize Email and SMS notifications for invoicing](/support/solutions/articles/48001236926-customize-email-and-sms-notifications-for-invoicing)
  * [Email Verification feature in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000002668-email-verification-feature-in-forms-and-surveys)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
