Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/48000455557)
  4. [Payouts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000864)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/48000455557)
     * [Payouts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000864)
  6. FAQs for Affiliate Payouts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# FAQs for Affiliate Payouts

Modified on: Tue, 1 Oct, 2024 at 4:47 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What steps are mandatory to use the Auto Payout feature?
  * How do I hide the PayPal button from my Funnel/Website's order forms after integrating PayPal for affiliate payouts?
  * Who has permission to pay affiliates using PayPal auto-payouts?
  * How are payouts for recurring products handled when using PayPal?
  * Why can't I process payouts for some affiliates using PayPal?

* * *

## **What steps are mandatory to use the Auto Payout feature?**

There are two mandatory requirements to enable and use this feature:

  1. Paypal Business Account Integration ([Guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002339))
  2. Paypal of Affiliates added under Payout Methods ([Guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002341))

* * *

## **How do I hide the PayPal button from my Funnel/Website's order forms after integrating PayPal for affiliate payouts?**

To hide the PayPal button from your order forms but still use PayPal for affiliate payouts, follow these steps:

  1. Open the Funnel or Website where you want to hide the PayPal button.
  2. Go to the **Settings** tab.
  3. Paste the following code in the **Head Tracking Code** section:
    
        <style>.paypal-content {
      display: none;
    }
    .order-form-v2 > div > .divider {
      display: none;
    }
    </style>

  4. Click **Save**

This will hide the PayPal option from appearing on your order forms while retaining the PayPal integration for affiliate payouts.

* * *

## **Who has permission to pay affiliates using PayPal auto-payouts?**

Only **Agency Admins** and **Account Admins** have permission to pay affiliates using the PayPal auto-payout method.

* * *

## **How are payouts for recurring products handled when using PayPal?**

Payouts for recurring products are automatically generated, but you will still need to manually click the **"Pay Now"** button to complete the payment via PayPal. GHL does not process payouts automatically due to security and authentication concerns.

* * *

## **Why can't I process payouts for some affiliates using PayPal?**

Payouts can only be processed for affiliates who have a PayPal account added as their payout method. If an affiliate doesn't have a linked PayPal account, you'll see an error icon and the option to **"Add Account."**

* * *

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Manage Affiliate Payouts and Commissions](/support/solutions/articles/155000003655-how-to-manage-affiliate-payouts-and-commissions)
  * [What Payment Gateways supported in Affiliate manager for Product Sales?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003656-what-payment-gateways-supported-in-affiliate-manager-for-product-sales-)
  * [How to pay your Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003657-how-to-pay-your-affiliates)
  * [How to Set Up and Pay Affiliates Using PayPal Auto Payouts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003658-how-to-set-up-and-pay-affiliates-using-paypal-auto-payouts)

## You may like to read -

  * [Affiliate Payouts: Where, How, When Can I Get Paid?](/support/solutions/articles/48001208136-affiliate-payouts-where-how-when-can-i-get-paid-)
  * [How to add/link Affiliate's Paypal Account for Payouts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002341-how-to-add-link-affiliate-s-paypal-account-for-payouts)
  * [How to pay your Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003657-how-to-pay-your-affiliates)
  * [How to Manage Affiliate Payouts and Commissions](/support/solutions/articles/155000003655-how-to-manage-affiliate-payouts-and-commissions)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
