Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Implement Direct Checkout in Email Campaigns

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Implement Direct Checkout in Email Campaigns

Modified on: Mon, 19 Aug, 2024 at 4:28 PM

Our latest release simplifies adding product elements to email campaigns and setting up direct checkout.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Problem Statement:
  * What We Did:
  * Benefits:
  * How to Use:

## **Problem Statement:**

Previously, users could only use generic URL links for redirection, with no way to customize the link for individual products.

## **What We Did:**

  1. Users can now generate direct payment links for each product.
  2. Users can customize the checkout page for each product within the same campaign.
  3. Purchases are automatically updated in conversion and campaign statistics.

## **Benefits:**

  1. Easier setup and use of product elements.
  2. Improved tracking of conversion metrics.

## **How to Use:**

  1. Navigate to the email marketing section.
  2. Create a new email campaign.
  3. Add a product element and select direct checkout.

  4. Click the link icon next to the product to customize the checkout page.
  5. Modify the checkout page layout and save your changes.

  6. Send test emails to ensure everything is working correctly.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [MailChimp to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003392-mailchimp-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Automatic abandoned cart checkout emails for online store](/support/solutions/articles/155000001718-automatic-abandoned-cart-checkout-emails-for-online-store)
  * [How to Navigate the Affiliate Profile Page for Efficient Management](/support/solutions/articles/155000003649-how-to-navigate-the-affiliate-profile-page-for-efficient-management)
  * [Guide to click tracking in email campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/155000002664-guide-to-click-tracking-in-email-campaigns)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
