Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Communication Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000749)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Communication Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000749)
  6. Action - Manual Call

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Manual Call

Modified on: Mon, 9 Sep, 2024 at 4:09 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * Action Details
  * Example

##   

## Overview

The **Manual Call** action allows you to create a call task for a user to manually send an call the contact. This is useful when you want a manual intervention for the call. This action is useful for ensuring timely follow-ups, reaching out to leads, or conducting scheduled calls manually. The task created will appear in the Conversations > Manual Actions tab.

## Action Name

Manual Call

## Action Description

The Manual Call Action creates a task in Conversations > Manual Actions tab for a call to a contact manually. The task requires user intervention to call the contact. Once the task is deleted from the actions tab, the contact will move to the next action in the workflow.

## Action Details

### **Step-by-Step Guide**

  1. **Choose the Action Type:**

    1. Navigate to your workflow and select "Manual Call" from the list of available actions.

  2. **Name Your Action:**

     * Enter a descriptive name for the action, such as "Follow-Up Call."
  3. **Go to Converastions > Manual actions tab**
     * View your task
     * Delete the task once completed.

##### ****Execution Logs:****

  * The action logs will show a manual call action with a message "Manual Call added to the manual queue". This helps in tracking the of your call. 

**  
**

**  
**

## **Example**

**  
**

**Scenario:** A business wants to ensure that a sales representative follows up with every new lead within 24 hours of their initial inquiry. Once the call is complated, delete the task to move to next step in workflow.

**Workflow Setup:**

  * **Trigger:** New Contact Created
  * **Action:** Manual Call
    * **Name:** "Lead Follow-Up Call"

**Outcome:** The sales team member receives a task to call the new lead, ensuring a timely follow-up, which can significantly increase the chances of conversion.

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

Attachments (1)

[ Screenshot 2....png  
24.5 KB ](/helpdesk/attachments/155032491468)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Send Email](/support/solutions/articles/155000002472-action-send-email)
  * [Action - Send SMS](/support/solutions/articles/155000002474-action-send-sms)
  * [Action - Internal notification](/support/solutions/articles/155000003202-action-internal-notification)
  * [Workflow Action - Edit Conversation](/support/solutions/articles/155000003269-workflow-action-edit-conversation)

## You may like to read -

  * [Manual Call - How to add a Manual Call Action (Power Dialer)](/support/solutions/articles/48000979920-manual-call-how-to-add-a-manual-call-action-power-dialer-)
  * [Workflow Action - Voicemail](/support/solutions/articles/155000003275-workflow-action-voicemail)
  * [WhatsApp - WorkFlow Integration](/support/solutions/articles/155000001624-whatsapp-workflow-integration)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
