Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  6. Restore Deleted Calendars

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Restore Deleted Calendars

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 3:01 PM

[](https://youtu.be/1NPtdNqkRtc)  

**In This Article**

  * Overview
  * How to Restore a Deleted Calendar?
  * Important Points to Note

* * *

### **Overview**

Users can now utilize the "Restore Calendar" feature to recover deleted calendars along with their appointments. This functionality fills a crucial gap, allowing users to undo their actions with ease.  

Whenever you delete a calendar, all its appointments are also deleted. Many times users delete their calendars and then want to recover the deleted calendar. With the restore functionality, you can now restore your calendar as well as any appointments that were deleted with the calendar.

* * *

### **How to Restore a Deleted Calendar?**

  * Navigate to Settings > Audit Logs.

  * Identify the log entry corresponding to the deleted calendar.

  * Click on the three dots next to the log entry and select "Restore."

  * Your calendar, along with all its previously deleted appointments, will be successfully restored.

* * *

### **Important Points to Note**

  * If you've deleted a calendar, all appointments associated with it are also deleted.
  * Appointments deleted within ±30 minutes of the calendar deletion time will be restored.
  * Any appointments deleted outside of this timeframe will not be recovered.
  * Audit logs are retained for a maximum of 60 days. Ensure timely restoration of deleted calendars to avoid data loss.
  * **For example,** if you delete a calendar on May 15th at 10:00 AM, all appointments of that calendar will be immediately deleted as well. These appointments are essentially deleted within a timeframe of 30 minutes from the calendar deletion time. When you restore your calendar, all such deleted appointments will be restored. However, if you had deleted an appointment on May 15th at 9:00 AM, that appointment won't be restored.
  * This is essentially done to ensure that only those appointments that were deleted as a result of the calendar deletion are restored, and not those appointments that were deleted by the user at another point in time.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Consent checkbox for compliance](/support/solutions/articles/155000001032-consent-checkbox-for-compliance)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Restore Deleted Workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000002639-how-to-restore-deleted-workflow)
  * [Deleting and Restoring Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002041-deleting-and-restoring-opportunities)
  * [Step-by-Step Guide: Restoring Deleted Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48001211386-step-by-step-guide-restoring-deleted-contacts)
  * [Why Google calendar integration breaks and how to fix it](/support/solutions/articles/48001204159-why-google-calendar-integration-breaks-and-how-to-fix-it)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
