Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. How to Use the New Block Editor in Funnels and Websites

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use the New Block Editor in Funnels and Websites

Modified on: Wed, 31 Jul, 2024 at 10:56 AM

We are excited to unveil our enhanced Block Editor for the Funnels and Website Builder. This update brings significant improvements to the user experience, making it easier than ever to customize your websites and funnels with new features and refined functionalities.

Key Features / Benefits 

Improved UX : Enhanced user experience for smoother and more intuitive editing with a streamlined interface. 

Custom Fonts for Highlighted Text: Choose custom fonts directly from the Block Editor to change text of the highlighted text blocks, allowing for more personalized and visually appealing designs.

New Menu Options for Subscript and Superscript: Easily wrap text in subscript and superscript using the new menu options in the Block Editor.

Dedicated Bullet List Section: Bullet lists now have their own section, making list creation and management more straightforward.

Removal of Unwanted Paragraph Options:  Improving usability for everyone.

Bug Fixes and Improvements 

  * Enhanced Popups and Positioning
  * Better Handling

How to Use?

  1. Access editor:

Edit a funnel or website by selecting the site tab from the sidebar in the desired location.
  2. Add Elements:

Click on “Add Elements” and choose the text you want to format.
  3. Customize Text:  
Use the new Block Editor to apply custom fonts, subscript, superscript, and organize bullet lists.

By incorporating custom fonts, advanced text formatting options, and improving the overall user experience, we are enabling you to create more engaging and visually compelling content. These updates are designed to streamline your workflow, reduce friction, and help you achieve your design goals more efficiently.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use countdown timer in funnels?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003122-how-to-use-countdown-timer-in-funnels-)
  * [How to Easily Add and Edit Shadows in Your Website Builder](/support/solutions/articles/155000003082-how-to-easily-add-and-edit-shadows-in-your-website-builder)
  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
