Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  6. How to create multiple Dashboards

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to create multiple Dashboards

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 4:54 AM

### More Tutorials From the Community

<https://youtu.be/PYIzk0P8aLQ?si=NIQZQpJSWwYUc3Ky>

<https://youtu.be/jaQZgs825xA>

<https://youtu.be/OYjkWnV9THI>

<https://youtu.be/RgcM4t338OU>

Effortlessly tailor your reporting experience by creating and managing multiple dashboards, ensuring they cater to your unique needs and insights. Streamline your data visualization by organizing related widgets into a unified view using our dashboard feature.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

      * Step 1: Navigate to Dashboards Menu
      * Step 2: Click on "Add Dashboard"
      * Step 3: Assign a Title
      * Step 4: Configure Permissions
      * Step 5: Click "Confirm"
      * Step 6: Add widgets

* * *

### **Step 1: Navigate to Dashboards Menu**

  * Click on the blue dashboard navigation button, found on the left side of your screen.

### **Step 2:**Click on "Add Dashboard"

  * 
****

### **Step 3: Assign a Title**

  * Give your dashboard a clear and descriptive title that aligns with its reporting purpose.

### **Step 4:**Configure Permissions****

  * Set up permissions for your dashboard according to your preference. Choose between keeping it private for personal use or sharing it with your entire team.

### **Step 5:**Click "Confirm"****

### **Step 6:**Add widgets****

  * Click on "Add Widget" or explore suggested widgets to initiate your dashboard reporting. Learn more about adding custom widgets [here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001206)

* * *

## **Note:**** **

_Wondering which plan unlocks the customizable multiple Dashboards?_

Multiple custom dashboards, widgets and custom reports are available for the $297 and $497

* * *

## **What's Next:**

  * [Edit widgets on the dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001208)
  * [Adding widgets on the dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001206)
  * [How to manage permissions for a dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001532)

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Dashboard: Opportunities, Pipeline Value, Conversion Rate, Funnel, Stages Distribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001152117-dashboard-opportunities-pipeline-value-conversion-rate-funnel-stages-distribution)
  * [Dashboard Funnel chart opportunities explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181826-dashboard-funnel-chart-opportunities-explained)
  * [Lead source report explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181830-lead-source-report-explained)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to pin dashboards as favourite](/support/solutions/articles/155000001535-how-to-pin-dashboards-as-favourite)
  * [How to Edit a dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001536-how-to-edit-a-dashboard)
  * [How to load Snapshots with Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000002280-how-to-load-snapshots-with-dashboards)
  * [How to manage permissions for a dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001532-how-to-manage-permissions-for-a-dashboard)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
