Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Affiliate Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000758)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Affiliate Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000758)
  6. Action - Add To Affiliate Campaign

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Add To Affiliate Campaign

Modified on: Fri, 6 Sep, 2024 at 2:16 AM

## Overview

The **Add To Affiliate Campaign** adds a contact to the selected affiliate campaign as an active affiliate. This action is useful for enrolling existing contacts or customers as your Affiliates in specific affiliate campaigns

## Action Name

**Add To Affiliate Campaign**

## Action Description

The **Add To Affiliate Campaign** action is designed to automate converting existing contacts as affiliate in the selected affiliate campaign.

## Action Details

**Step by Step Guide**

  1. **Choose the Action Type:** Select "**Add To Affiliate Campaign** " from the list of available actions.
  2. **Name Your Action:** Enter a descriptive name for the action, such as "Enroll Affiliates in Campaign XYZ"
  3. **Select the Affiliate Campaign:  **From the dropdown choose the affiliate campaign in which you want to add the newly recruited affiliates

## Example

Convert existing contacts to Affiliates in Affiliate Test Campaign when a tag is added to the contact

Scenario: A business wants to recruit the customers that have replied on a post or shown interest in being part of the affiliate network. The user adds a tag to categorize such contacts and then convert them to active affiliates. The user wants to automatically add these new affiliates to the Affiliate Test Campaign.

**Action Setup:**

Action: Add To Affiliate Campaign

Name: Enroll as Affiliates to Test Campaign

**Workflow Trigger:**

  1. Contact Changed:  The contact will enter the workflow when the selected filter is changed or added.
  2. Filters: Tags added "Affiliate"

**Workflow Actions:**

  1. Add To Affiliate Campaign
  2. Select the Affiliate Test Campaign 

**Outcome:**  
This ensures that whenever the tag will be added to a contact, the contact will be converted to an affiliate and get added to the Affiliate Test Campaign. The affiliate can now start selling the products or services to generate commissions

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Add To Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003227-action-add-to-affiliate-manager)
  * [Action - Add To Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003228-action-add-to-affiliate-campaign)
  * [Action - Update Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/155000003229-action-update-affiliate)
  * [Action - Remove From Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003230-action-remove-from-affiliate-campaign)

## You may like to read -

  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [A List of Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002294-a-list-of-workflow-actions)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
