Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  6. Communities - Change your group theme

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Communities - Change your group theme

Modified on: Thu, 25 Jul, 2024 at 3:52 PM

Communities themes allow you to customize the appearance of your group interface to match your preferences. Themes can be adjusted for both light and dark modes, and you can either choose from predefined themes or create your own custom theme.

**In This Article**

  * Accessing Theme Settings
  * Choosing a New Theme
  * Creating a Custom Theme

* * *

## **Admin/Owner View:  
**_Accessing Theme Settings_  
  
Make sure to turn it on from Labs  

To change your theme settings:

  1. Open Settings: Inside your community group, click on your right side bar and click on bottom “SETTINGS”.
  2. Navigate to themes: Select "Themes" from the sidebar.  

## _Choosing a New Theme_

If you use multiple groups, try selecting a different theme for each one to help you tell them apart. Your new theme will appear in the broser.

  * **Light or Dark Mode:**

In the Themes section, you can switch between Light Mode and Dark Mode using the buttons at the top.

  * ### 

**Select a Predefined Theme:**

Select Communities theme tab and **scroll** through the list of available themes. Click on a theme to preview it. Once you find a theme you like, it will automatically apply to your Communities interface.

Note: Themes are reflected only in Web and not mobile.

##   

## _Creating a Custom Theme_

As a group owner/admin, in the "Custom Themes" tab, users can customize various components of the group interface. For each mode i.e. Light Mode and Dark Mode, the admin will have to customise and Save the customisations separately.

S**croll** through the list of available customisation options: 

Options| What will change in your group  
---|---  
Sidebar Background| Background colour of the sidebar with top bar  
  
Primary| Button colours  
Background| Surface elements and modals  
  
Tertiary| Links and elements of selection(radio buttons/checkboxes).  
  
Surface  
| Base of the interface  
  
Primary Font| Main Context   
  
Secondary Font| Selected context  
Fill colour| Hover colour  
Borders| All borders  
Error| Error in interaction  

Click on the colour swatches to open the colour picker or enter a hex code directly.

    Make sure to click on **SAVE** so all your changes are reflected.

## **  
Group View after customisations:**

## 

* * *

## **Member View:  
**

Group members will see the customised or chosen theme by the admin. Additionally, they can switch between **Light or Dark Mode** in Settings.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to make your Groups private/ public in Communities?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000735-how-to-make-your-groups-private-public-in-communities-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to Ban Members and Report Content in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002885-how-to-ban-members-and-report-content-in-communities)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
