Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  6. How to clone a dashboard (in the same location)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to clone a dashboard (in the same location)

Modified on: Tue, 5 Dec, 2023 at 4:55 AM

Efficiently reuse your existing dashboards and save valuable time by leveraging the cloning feature. This guide will walk you through the steps to successfully clone a dashboard.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

      * Step 1: Navigate to the Dashboard
      * Step 2: Access Dashboard Options
      * Step 3: Select "Clone"
      * Step 4: Customize Title (If Required)
      * Step 5: Update Permissions (If Required)
      * Step 6: Click "Confirm
    * Note:
    * What's Next:

* * *

### **Step 1: Navigate to the Dashboard**

  * Identify the dashboard you wish to clone.  

### **Step 2: Access Dashboard Options**

  * In the top right corner, click on the three dots.

### **Step 3: Select "Clone"**

### **Step 4: Customize Title (If Required)**

### **Step 5: Update Permissions (If Required)**

  * Optionally, adjust permissions for the cloned dashboard to suit your needs.

  * ************  

### **Step 6: Click "Confirm**

* * *

## **Note:**

_Wondering which plan unlocks the customizable multiple Dashboards?_

It's currently available exclusively for the $497 plan and beyond. If you're on the $97 or $297 plan, we recommend leveling up to unlock this feature. 

* * *

## **What's Next:**

  * [How to Edit a dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001536)
  * [How to pin dashboards as favourite](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001535)
  * [How to manage permissions for a dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001532)

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Dashboard: Opportunities, Pipeline Value, Conversion Rate, Funnel, Stages Distribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001152117-dashboard-opportunities-pipeline-value-conversion-rate-funnel-stages-distribution)
  * [Dashboard Funnel chart opportunities explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181826-dashboard-funnel-chart-opportunities-explained)
  * [Lead source report explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181830-lead-source-report-explained)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to manage permissions for a dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001532-how-to-manage-permissions-for-a-dashboard)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)
  * [How to duplicate a dashboard to another sub-account](/support/solutions/articles/155000001571-how-to-duplicate-a-dashboard-to-another-sub-account)
  * [How to clone templates in template library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001458-how-to-clone-templates-in-template-library-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
