Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  6. Response Info for your AI message

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Response Info for your AI message

Modified on: Wed, 16 Oct, 2024 at 1:49 AM

**Guide on How to Enable AI Message Details in Conversations**

  * Introducing AI Message Details in Conversations
  * Step 1: Click on the Response Info Icon as shown in the Image
  * Step 2: Navigate to the Right sidebar as shown in the image, you can see the prompt, knowledge chunks, and intent.
  * Step 3: AI Response - The topmost element in the sidebar, displays the AI-generated message that was sent to the user.
  * Step 4: Prompt: This section displays the prompt used to generate the AI message. You can edit your prompt by clicking the edit prompt option
  * Step 5: View and edit data sources 
  * Additional Information 

### **Introducing AI Message Details in Conversations**

This feature allows users to view the components involved in generating AI responses and edit the knowledge base and other data sources from the conversation view. This will enhance transparency, enable user control, and improve AI performance through real-time feedback and edits.

**Key Highlights (How it works):**

  * Once an AI message is generated, users can view its full context in the **AI Message Details** sidebar/modal.
  * User can view the AI message details such as **Prompt** , **Intent** , and **Knowledge base/ data sources  **used to generate the AI response.
  * User can edit data chunks from the knowledge base.
  * Understand how AI-generated responses are constructed from these data.

### **Step 1: Click on the Response Info Icon as shown in the Image**

###  

### **Step 2: Navigate to the Right sidebar as shown in the image, you can see the prompt, knowledge chunks, and intent.**

### 

###   

### **Step 3: AI Response - The topmost element in the sidebar, displays the AI-generated message that was sent to the user.**

### 

###   

### **Step 4: Prompt: This section displays the prompt used to generate the AI message. You can edit your prompt by clicking the edit prompt option**

###   

### ****

### **Step 5: View and edit data sources**  

  * Navigate to the knowledge chunk section as shown in the image 
  * The **knowledge base - FAQ and website data** is displayed that was used by the AI to generate the response.
  * Click on a **knowledge chunk** that needs correction. Upto 3 data chunks are shown from where bot got the answer.
  * An editable text box will either open or be available right away.
  * Make the necessary changes and **save**.
  * The edits are immediately reflected in the knowledge base, ensuring the AI uses updated information in future responses

    Note: If knowledge base is used for AI response, only then the data chunks (website & FAQs) will be shown in the sidebar

    If an FAQ is updated it will recreate the FAQ, deleting the previous one

### **Additional Information  **

  * **Visibility** : This sidebar is accessible for all AI messages, AI workflow actions, and bot trial messages.
  * **Tagging Edited Information** : If a knowledge base website information is modified, an "Edited" tag will appear next to the trained website with a tooltip indicating the update.
  * **FAQ & Website Updates**: Modifying FAQs will update the existing trained FAQ in real time. Post update, FAQ utilized in the AI message will be shown as deleted.
  * If the website info is updated, It will reflect the updated data in the scraped data modal, with "Edited" tag beside the URL.
  * The Prompt section changes based on the source of the AI message ie Conversation AI subaccount bot or a workflow action

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Conversation AI Bot - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000001335-conversation-ai-bot-explained)
  * [Pricing and Rebilling Conversation AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000001357-pricing-and-rebilling-conversation-ai)
  * [Workflow X Conversation AI - Conversation AI Action *Beta](/support/solutions/articles/155000001358-workflow-x-conversation-ai-conversation-ai-action-beta)
  * [Enable Conversation AI for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000001361-enable-conversation-ai-for-your-agency)

## You may like to read -

  * [Training your Conversation AI Bot](/support/solutions/articles/155000001341-training-your-conversation-ai-bot)
  * [Conversation AI Bot - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000001335-conversation-ai-bot-explained)
  * [Customize your AI responses using Prompts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002255-customize-your-ai-responses-using-prompts)
  * [Conversation AI: Multiple Messages in One Workflow Action](/support/solutions/articles/155000003207-conversation-ai-multiple-messages-in-one-workflow-action)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
