Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to Use the Inventory Management Features for Your Onl...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use the Inventory Management Features for Your Online Store in HighLevel

Modified on: Thu, 12 Sep, 2024 at 3:57 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * About:
  * How to use:
  * Notes:

## **About:**

Store owners now have a streamlined way to manage their inventory through the new Inventory Management page. This feature allows updates to product quantities and the option to "Continue selling when out of stock." It also includes enhanced search functionality.

## **How to use:**

  1. Store owners can access the Inventory Management page at: 

Payments > Products dropdown > Inventory.

  2. On Inventory management page, store owners can update product quantities for any variant. If you want to allow 

"Continue selling when out of stock" 

toggle this option on.
  3. After making inventory changes, ensure to click Save to apply them, or Cancel to discard them.
  4. To find specific products, you can search by SKU or product/variant name.

## **Notes:**

  * Changes must be saved or canceled before navigating away from the page; unsaved changes will block page navigation.
  * If a SKU is not provided, it will display as "NO SKU."
  * Clicking on a product variant will redirect to the variant detail page from the Inventory page.

Inventory page:

Apply or discard changes:

Search for products based on SKU or product variant name:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [How to sell products on Facebook and Instagram Shops?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004055-how-to-sell-products-on-facebook-and-instagram-shops-)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [Squarespace to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003394-squarespace-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
