Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to post PDF's as photos in a LinkedIn carousel post?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to post PDF's as photos in a LinkedIn carousel post?

Modified on: Wed, 23 Oct, 2024 at 1:22 AM

Social Planner now offers a powerful new feature: users can upload PDF's and post them as photos in a carousel on LinkedIn. Additionally, users can import PDFs and convert each page into separate images for posting on LinkedIn and other social platforms.

The LinkedIn PDF Carousel has become one of the most popular formats for sharing information, providing a unique way to engage your audience and showcase expertise.

**How to create a LinkedIn Carousel Post/Document Post?**

  1. Navigate to Marketing > Social Planner
  2. Connect your LinkedIn account (either a page or profile)
  3. Click "New Post" and use the post composer to create a new LinkedIn carousel or document post
  4. Select the socials from the dropdown and add your post content
  5. Click on the file upload icon (located between the image and video upload icons)

    6\. Upload one or more PDFs for LinkedIn carousel or import photos to post as a PDF on LinkedIn

    7\. You can change the name of the PDF, add a watermark as needed

**Constraints to note:**

  1. LinkedIn allows up to 300 pages and a 100 MB limit per document.
  2. PDFs are converted into images when imported in social planner, and if Instagram is selected, the images are automatically cropped to adhere to Instagram's aspect ratio constraints.
  3. Users can now delete media by clicking the 'X' that appears when hovering over the media preview.
  4. When user selects post as a PDF option, all the images are converted into a PDF and posted to LinkedIn.

Hope this information help answer your queries!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Failed Post Error in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001218255-failed-post-error-in-social-planner)
  * [Default Blog Flow - Getting Started with Blogs](/support/solutions/articles/48001220286-default-blog-flow-getting-started-with-blogs)
  * [How to clear Linkedin link preview cache?](/support/solutions/articles/48001160721-how-to-clear-linkedin-link-preview-cache-)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
