Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  6. Cancellation & Reschedule Policy (Booking Widget)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Cancellation & Reschedule Policy (Booking Widget)

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 3:00 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * How to use?
  * How do bookers receive the cancellation & reschedule link?

* * *

### **Overview**

The Cancellation & Reschedule Policy setting allows you to define the time frame during which bookers can access the cancellation or reschedule link on the booking widget.

This feature helps you set a window after which bookers cannot access the cancellation or reschedule link to make changes to their appointments. Instead, they will need to contact the business owner for any modifications. This primarily helps businesses avoid last-minute changes to their appointments.

* * *

### **How to use?**

  * Navigate to Calendar Settings and select the desired calendar.
  * Head to the Notifications and Additional Options section.
  * Under Cancellation and Reschedule Policy, turn on "Allow Cancellation of Meeting" and "Allow Rescheduling of Meeting".

  * Specify the time range after which the links should be disabled. (Note: Keeping the value blank means the link will never expire and the booker can access it anytime.)

**When this setting is enabled:**

A cancellation and a rescheduling link will be added to the additional notes section and included in the calendar invite. These links will expire as configured, preventing the booker from cancelling or rescheduling the meeting.

* * *

### **How do bookers receive the cancellation & reschedule link?**

When you toggle on "Allow Cancellation" and "Allow Reschedule", these links are added to the additional notes section. The content in this section is then included in the calendar invite in the notes section. Bookers can use those links to cancel or reschedule their appointments accordingly.

Alternatively, you can use the custom values {{reschedule_link}} and {{cancellation_link}} in your workflows to send out these links to the bookers.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Consent checkbox for compliance](/support/solutions/articles/155000001032-consent-checkbox-for-compliance)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)

## You may like to read -

  * [Collect Payments with Recurring Appointments (Booking Widget)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003451-collect-payments-with-recurring-appointments-booking-widget-)
  * [Class Booking Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001236022-class-booking-calendar-overview)
  * [Appointment scenarios in Workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000002697-appointment-scenarios-in-workflow)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
