Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [Training the Bot](/support/solutions/folders/155000000932)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [Training the Bot](/support/solutions/folders/155000000932)
  6. Training your Conversation AI Bot

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Training your Conversation AI Bot

Modified on: Mon, 24 Jun, 2024 at 3:38 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Train Your Conversation AI Bot with Web URLs
  * Manually Update Your Conversation AI Bot with Question & Answers
  * Using Bulk Actions While Training Your Conversation AI Bot

Bot training equips the Conversation AI Bot with the knowledge and information needed to understand your business and respond to users. There are 2 ways to train your bot in the "Bot Training" section of the Conversation AI settings page in your sub-account settings:

  1. Web Crawler - Through web URLs and public links
  2. Customize Bot Responses - Adding Question and Answer pairs

* * *

## **Train Your Conversation AI Bot with Web URLs**

The bot can be trained by providing URLs to webpages and blogs (yes, plural) to help the bot understand your business and respond to your contacts effectively.

There are 3 different web crawling modes available.

  1. Exact URL
  2. All URLs on this Path
  3. All URLs on the Domain

[Read more here for each crawling mode and managing the uploaded links using the table](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001338)

Enter a URL and click "Get Data". Follow the steps to train the bot.

* * *

## **Manually Update Your Conversation AI Bot with Question & Answers**

Manually add question-answer pairs to customize your bot's responses. This method allows you to fine-tune the bot's knowledge to address specific questions from your users. Add Q/A by:

  1. Access the "Conversation AI" settings in the sub-account
  2. Locate the "Bot Training" tab
  3. Click "+ Add FaQ" and provide a question and its answer
  4. Repeat this process for each question-answer pair

Q/A can also be added by providing feedback ("Thumbs Down") to the Bot's response in the "Bot Trial" and the conversation/contact screens.

* * *

## **Using Bulk Actions While Training Your Conversation AI Bot**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Web URLs and Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000001338-web-urls-and-links)
  * [Conversation AI: New Query Detection Flow](/support/solutions/articles/155000003206-conversation-ai-new-query-detection-flow)
  * [Training your Conversation AI Bot](/support/solutions/articles/155000001341-training-your-conversation-ai-bot)
  * [Conversation AI: Audit, Review, and Edit Crawled Website Data](/support/solutions/articles/155000003215-conversation-ai-audit-review-and-edit-crawled-website-data)

## You may like to read -

  * [Conversation AI Bot - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000001335-conversation-ai-bot-explained)
  * [Auto-Pilot Mode in Conversation AI for Efficient Communication](/support/solutions/articles/155000001022-auto-pilot-mode-in-conversation-ai-for-efficient-communication)
  * [Training the Conversation AI Bot](/support/solutions/articles/155000000996-training-the-conversation-ai-bot)
  * [Conversation AI: New Query Detection Flow](/support/solutions/articles/155000003206-conversation-ai-new-query-detection-flow)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
