Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
  4. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  6. How to Configure and Accept Tips on Invoices

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Configure and Accept Tips on Invoices

Modified on: Wed, 17 Jul, 2024 at 9:49 AM

Business user's can now accept Tips on their Invoices from the customers

## **What’s New?**

  * Business users now have the capability to configure and accept tips on invoice getting out from the system.
  * End users can pay in percentage on total amount ( configured by the business user) or choose a custom amount of their choice.
  * The scope of this feature covers all the invoices -One time invoices, recurring invoices, invoices from workflows, document & contracts, etc
  * User's have the ability to configure tips on global level as well as per invoice level
  * They also have the ability to refund the entire invoice amount including tips if they want to.

## **How to Use it?**

  * Go to Settings within Invoices -> Click on Payments Settings - > Invoice Tips -> enable and save , voila !
  * Go to Invoices Tab ->
  * Click on create new invoice / create new recurring invoice
  * Click on Three dots at the top - > Manage Tips
  * Choose the percentage options you want -> Voila star sending and accepting tips

## **Why this feature**

  * Enables services business to collect tips on top of their invoice amounts and disburse to their top performers

## **What next on tips?**

  * CSV view on tip amount in transactions
  * Option to tag a tip to a certain user

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)
  * [Automatic invoice creation after Document/Contract is signed](/support/solutions/articles/155000001299-automatic-invoice-creation-after-document-contract-is-signed)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001300-multiple-recipient-support-on-documents-contracts)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Send Invoice](/support/solutions/articles/155000003494-workflow-action-send-invoice)
  * [Partial Payment: Collect Deposit Amount](/support/solutions/articles/155000002184-partial-payment-collect-deposit-amount)
  * [How to Use Partial Payment for Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/155000002614-how-to-use-partial-payment-for-invoices)
  * [How to Streamline Payments with Automated Invoice Reminders](/support/solutions/articles/155000002942-how-to-streamline-payments-with-automated-invoice-reminders)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
