Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  6. How do first time users Set Login Password, Request Forgo...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How do first time users Set Login Password, Request Forgotten Password for their membership portal?

Modified on: Tue, 10 Sep, 2024 at 2:06 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * When first time user  is given access via membership offer checkout
  * When first time user is given access via workflows or contact smart-list
  * Request for forgotten password in membership portal
  * FAQs

##   

## **When first time user  is given ****access  ****via membership offer checkout**

Step 1 - User Checkout from offer page

Step 2- Post Check Out User would click on View Dashboard

Step 3- As first time user a prompt will be shown to set password

## **When first time user is given  ****access  ****via workflows or contact smart-list**

Step 1 - User is given access to a new offer using offer Access Granted Trigger or Membership New Signup 

**In the Email body use Courses Login URL (Magic Link)**

****

When the user opens them email for courses access they will be prompted to set their password.

The same behaviour is also applicable to client portal users

The following default emails go out when course access is given from Workflows, Smart-list and offer checkouts. These default emails can be customised.

When a user opens the magic link in these emails for the first time ,they will be prompted to set password

**Offer Access Email  
**

**New Signup Email**

## **Request for forgotten password in membership portal**

Step 1 : User requests for forgot password

Step 2 : An autogenerated email will be sent out with details 

**The link expires in 2 hours**

Step 3 : The user can click on the link and set their own password.

## **FAQs**

  * No more system generated passwords in your reset password emails, with new reset link you will be able to set your own password within 2 hours of your request
  * Password Custom field wont be visible across all template builders and workflow email options, users also wont be able to add password field in their new templates.
  * No more system generated password for users

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Add Membership Signups To Funnel Pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001143787-add-membership-signups-to-funnel-pages)
  * [Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked & drip content](/support/solutions/articles/155000002174-courses-in-app-notifications-for-comment-unlocked-drip-content)
  * [How do first time users Set Login Password, Request Forgotten Password for their membership portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002847-how-do-first-time-users-set-login-password-request-forgotten-password-for-their-membership-portal-)
  * [How To Build Courses / Membership Sites](/support/solutions/articles/48001141015-how-to-build-courses-membership-sites)

## You may like to read -

  * [How can my customers use the Client Portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000197-how-can-my-customers-use-the-client-portal-)
  * [Legacy Membership To Client Portal Migration](/support/solutions/articles/155000002045-legacy-membership-to-client-portal-migration)
  * [Magic Links In Memberships(Courses)](/support/solutions/articles/48001207804-magic-links-in-memberships-courses-)
  * [How to set up the Client Portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000193-how-to-set-up-the-client-portal-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
