Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  6. Multiple Wordpress Site Installs Under the Same Sub-Account

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Multiple Wordpress Site Installs Under the Same Sub-Account

Modified on: Wed, 2 Oct, 2024 at 3:48 PM

We’re thrilled to announce a game-changing feature that’s going to transform the way you manage WordPress sites within your subaccounts! Say goodbye to the hassle of juggling multiple subaccounts for different sites. With this update, managing multiple WordPress sites under a single subaccount has never been easier.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What’s New?
    * 1\. Manage Multiple Sites in One Place:
    * 2\. Enhanced Billing & Subscription Tracking:
    * 3\. UI Improvements for Better Navigation:
  * How to Get Started?
    * Access the New Dashboard:
    * Create & Manage Sites:

## **What’s New?**

### **1\. Manage Multiple Sites in One Place:**

  * Streamlined Management: You can now add and manage multiple WordPress sites within a single subaccount. This update eliminates the need for separate subaccounts, bringing all your sites together for a more cohesive and efficient management experience.

  * Easy Site Switching: Seamlessly navigate between your different WordPress sites directly from your subaccount dashboard. It’s quick, easy, and super intuitive.

### **2\. Enhanced Billing & Subscription Tracking:**

  * Accurate Billing: Our billing and subscription systems have been upgraded to track and manage charges for each website under a subaccount individually. This ensures a smooth and transparent billing process, so you can focus on what matters—growing your agency.

  * Clear Upsell Opportunities: Agency owners can now easily see how many sites within a location are hosted with or without upselling, helping you to maximize your revenue potential.

### **3\. UI Improvements for Better Navigation:**

  * We’ve redesigned the subaccount dashboard to offer a more organized and user-friendly experience. 
  * Managing your sites and accessing essential features is now more straightforward than ever.

## **How to Get Started?**

### **Access the New Dashboard:**

  * Go to Sites > WordPress > All Sites to open the updated dashboard.

### **Create & Manage Sites:**

  * Create a new site: Enter all required information, complete payment, and you’re set!
  * Switch between sites: From the site info screen, easily toggle between your different sites.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001199648-getting-started-with-wordpress-client-side-setup-guide)
  * [How to resell WordPress to your clients](/support/solutions/articles/48001199647-how-to-resell-wordpress-to-your-clients)
  * [How to Add Domains in the WordPress Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000002547-how-to-add-domains-in-the-wordpress-dashboard)
  * [WordPress Hosting: Specs, Market Comparison, and New Pricing Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001231366-wordpress-hosting-specs-market-comparison-and-new-pricing-plans)

## You may like to read -

  * [Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001199648-getting-started-with-wordpress-client-side-setup-guide)
  * [Granular Permissions for WordPress](/support/solutions/articles/155000003699-granular-permissions-for-wordpress)
  * [WordPress Infra Migration - A Detailed Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001240057-wordpress-infra-migration-a-detailed-guide)
  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
