Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  6. About your WhatsApp Business phone number's quality r...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# About your WhatsApp Business phone number's quality rating

Modified on: Wed, 11 Sep, 2024 at 5:52 AM

Your quality rating is a rating based on the recent messages that your customers have received over the past seven days. This rating is determined by the feedback from your customers, such as the reason to block your phone number and other reporting issues.

You can find the quality rating below the **Phone numbers** tab in your Meta WhatsApp Manager. The **Quality rating** column displays the quality states, including:

  * Green: High quality
  * Yellow: Medium quality
  * Red: Low quality

You can become eligible for more features when your business maintains a **High** quality rating. When the user blocks your business, they can select a block reason, including **No longer needed** , **Didn't sign up** , **Spam** , **Offensive messages** or **No reason**.

If your quality rating is medium or low, you can hover over the rating in the WhatsApp Manager to view the insights into the block reasons if they're available. This can help your businesses understand the details around user block reasons, avoid continuing to send low-quality templates and mitigate the risk of more customers blocking your phone number.

You can subscribe and be notified for the quality-related updates. You'll receive an email and a notification in Meta Business Manager when:

  * A phone number's status is changed to **Flagged** or when this **Flagged** status is removed.
  * There is a change to a phone number's messaging limits.

You can find the quality rating over the past 30 days by clicking the icon in the **Settings** column. You can view the lowest quality score for the business on a given day, which will enable a better understanding of potential drivers over the past 30 days that may have caused the quality rating to decline or increase.

Status changes

When the quality rating reaches low quality, your phone number quality rating changes to **Low**. If the phone number quality is Low and on track to be downgraded to a lower message tier, the phone number status changes to **Flagged**. When a phone number is Flagged, if the quality doesn't improve over seven days, the status returns to **Connected**. However, the messaging limit will decrease to the next level. For example, the phone number that used to have the 100,000 messaging limit now has the 10,000 messaging limit.

  * **Connected:  **You can send outgoing messages within your set messaging limit.
  * **Flagged:  **This status occurs when the phone number's quality rating changes to Low and is on track to be downgraded to a lower message tier. Businesses can't upgrade messaging limit tiers while the status is Flagged. If the quality rating:
    * Improves to a high or medium quality by the seventh day from when your status was changed to**  Flagged**, the status will return to **Connected** and your messaging limit tier will remain unaffected.
    * Does not improve to a high or medium quality by the seventh day from when your status was changed to**  Flagged**, your status will return to **Connected**. However, your messaging limit will decrease to the next level.

If your quality rating reaches low quality, or your phone number status changes to **Flagged** or **Restricted** status, you'll receive an email and notification in Business Manager as a warning.

  * **Restricted:** This status occurs when you reach your messaging limit, regardless of the quality rating. While the status is **Restricted** , you can't send any outgoing messages until 24 hours have elapsed. You can still respond to any messages that customers initiate.

**Note:** If you are a business solution provider (BSP), pass this information to your clients so that they can proactively manage these warnings.

## Messaging limits

[Messaging limits](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/api/rate-limits#messaging) determine the maximum number of business-initiated conversations that each phone number can start in a rolling 24-hour period. A business-initiated conversation starts when the first message is delivered to a customer and ends 24 hours later. A conversation can't end before then. If you reach the messaging limit, you can start more conversations when one or more active conversations end. Remember that messaging limits don't apply to the user-initiated conversations.

There are four levels of messaging limits applying to businesses that have completed the business verification:

  * Allows your phone number to have 1,000 business-initiated conversations (with 1,000 unique customers) in a rolling 24-hour period.

  * Allows your phone number to have 10,000 business-initiated conversations (with 10,000 unique customers) in a rolling 24-hour period.

  * Allows your phone number to have 100,000 business-initiated conversations (with 100,000 unique customers) in a rolling 24-hour period.

  * Allows your phone number to have unlimited business-initiated conversations in a rolling 24-hour period.

**Note:  **A business starts with 1,000 business-initiated conversations per phone number when it completes the business verification. Learn more [about best practices to enable more features and reach more customers.](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/756123206477156)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)

## You may like to read -

  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [Marketing Opt-out Button to Your Message Template](/support/solutions/articles/155000002715-marketing-opt-out-button-to-your-message-template)
  * [WhatsApp Bulk Action](/support/solutions/articles/155000001790-whatsapp-bulk-action)
  * [WhatsApp Template Statuses and Best Practice](/support/solutions/articles/155000001623-whatsapp-template-statuses-and-best-practice)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
