Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Font Weight in Funnels and Websites

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Font Weight in Funnels and Websites

Modified on: Tue, 9 Jul, 2024 at 1:25 PM

## **Key features & benefits:**

  * Users now have the flexibility to select the font weight for any given component within their website or funnel.
  * The font-weight option is available across a wide range of components, including text components, buttons, category navigation, FAQs, countdown components, navigation menus, store components, and image feature components.
  * You can choose to show different font weight for mobile and desktop view
  * Font size slider sensitivity reduce to 100 for better UX

## **How to use ?**

  * Navigate to the page builder interface.
  * Select any component from the list mentioned above.
  * Below the font size settings, you’ll find a new dropdown option for font weight.
  * Choose your desired font weight. You can also customize different font weights for mobile and desktop versions.
  * Save or publish your changes to see the updated font weight reflected on your website or funnel.

## **Note:**

  * Not all font family support all the font weight which means select font weight might not have any effect on text style if family doesn’t support the given font weight.
  * Font weight option will not apply if you have bold the text using text editor. Text editor bold option will take priority over font weight option.

## **How it looks?**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [How to get customer consent or track legal basis to process your lead's or customer's personal data](/support/solutions/articles/155000000582-how-to-get-customer-consent-or-track-legal-basis-to-process-your-lead-s-or-customer-s-personal-data)
  * [Creating Mobile-Responsive Designs Made Easy: Funnel & Website Builder](/support/solutions/articles/155000001482-creating-mobile-responsive-designs-made-easy-funnel-website-builder)
  * [Go To Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/articles/155000004037-go-to-funnels-and-websites)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
