Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/48000450445)
  4. [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/folders/48000668553)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/48000450445)
     * [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/folders/48000668553)
  6. API - Security Initiatives

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# API - Security Initiatives

Modified on: Thu, 3 Oct, 2024 at 12:26 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Auto-deletion of API keys after 90 days of inactivity

###   

### **Auto-deletion of API keys after 90 days of inactivity**

  * Agency or sub-account API keys that have not been used in the past 90 days will be automatically deleted.
  * **Deletion cadence** : This activity will be once a quarter (automated) across all agency and sub-account API keys.
  * **Customer communication** :
    * The impacted Agency and Sub-accounts admins will receive three in-app notifications giving them a heads-up - 15 days, 7 days, and 1 day before the deletion
    * Agency admins (included those whose locations are impacted) will receive an email 15 days prior with a complete summary of the upcoming deletion
    * One day before the deletion, for 24 hours, the impacted agencies and sub-accounts will see a banner informing them about the upcoming deletion.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [HighLevel API](/support/solutions/articles/48001060529-highlevel-api)
  * [How to update your API keys](/support/solutions/articles/48001205369-how-to-update-your-api-keys)
  * [How to Use Webhook.site to Troubleshoot your API Requests](/support/solutions/articles/48001212085-how-to-use-webhook-site-to-troubleshoot-your-api-requests)
  * [How to get started with the Developer's Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000000136-how-to-get-started-with-the-developer-s-marketplace)

## You may like to read -

  * [Enhanced Account Security](/support/solutions/articles/155000002545-enhanced-account-security)
  * [Mailgun API Key - Where to Find in Mailgun & Put in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48000981682-mailgun-api-key-where-to-find-in-mailgun-put-in-highlevel)
  * [HighLevel API](/support/solutions/articles/48001060529-highlevel-api)
  * [Actions - Custom webhook](/support/solutions/articles/155000003305-actions-custom-webhook)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
