Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Nested Folders

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Nested Folders

Modified on: Thu, 18 Apr, 2024 at 7:45 AM

#### In this Article

  * #### What are Nested Folders?

  * #### How to create a Nested Folder?

  * How to move workflows within Nested Folders?

  * How to create a New Folder while moving workflows?

  * How permissions works for the Nested Folders?

  * FAQs

#   

#### **What are Nested Folders?**

Nested folders allow you to create a hierarchy of folders within folders, organising your workflows more efficiently. This means you can group related workflows together, making them easier to find and manage.

#### **How to create a Nested Folder?**

  1. Navigate to the folder where you want to create the nested folder.
  2. Click the **"Create New Folder"** button.
  3. Enter a name for the new folder and click **"Create."** The new folder will be created within the current folder.  

#### **How to move folders within Nested Folders?**

  1. Select the workflows you want to move.
  2. Click the **"Move to Folder"** button.
  3. Choose the destination folder from the dropdown list, which displays a tree structure of nested folders.
  4. Click **"Move."**

Step 1

#### 

Step 2

####   

####   

#### **How to create a New Folder while moving workflows?**

  1. During the "Move to Folder" process, click the **"New Folder"** button in the dropdown list.
  2. Enter a name for the new folder and click **"Create."**
  3. Select the newly created folder as the destination and click **"Move."**

#### **How do permissions works for Nested Folders?**

  1. **Root Level Permissions:**   

    1. When a user creates a folder or a workflow within an existing folder, the permissions of the new folder or workflow inherits from its parent.
    2. When a folder is created within a folder with agency admin permission, the agency admin permission will flow down to the nested folder
  2. **Sub-Folder or Nested Folder Permissions:**  
    1. When a permission is changed for the Nested folders it won't change the permission for Root folder  

    2. If permission is changed for root folders from Admin to Agency then the permission for the nested folder should not change. Stricter permissions are retained.
    3. If a sub-folder or workflow is moved to the root level, it will adopt the permissions of the root folder.
    4. If a folder with Agency permission is moved out of the nested folder it should retain the Agency Permission.

Step 1

Step 2

#### **FAQs**

#### **1\. What will happen when a folder is Deleted?**

When you delete a folder, all nested folders and workflows within it moves to the parent level.

####   

#### **2\. What will happen incase of a snapshot?**

Incase of a snapshot, the folder structure would not be retained. All the workflows and folders will be present in the root folder in the new account.

####   

####   

**  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Conversations - Snippets](/support/solutions/articles/155000003707-conversations-snippets)
  * [How to use Custom Fields for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000561-how-to-use-custom-fields-for-opportunities)
  * [How to use Custom Fields for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000521-how-to-use-custom-fields-for-opportunities)
  * [How to Setup SFTP for your WordPress Site](/support/solutions/articles/48001229821-how-to-setup-sftp-for-your-wordpress-site)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
