Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
  4. [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  6. Contact Engagement score

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Contact Engagement score

Modified on: Tue, 9 Apr, 2024 at 8:59 PM

More Tutorials from the Community

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNi431-_ISk>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJGVb61NOhI>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kzgR22N8w8>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Q3mEGC4bdk>

A Contact Engagement Score is a metric used to measure how actively and effectively a contact or lead interacts with an organization or business. It's commonly used to assess the level of interest, involvement, or responsiveness of a contact or lead. The score helps businesses prioritize their efforts in communicating with a lead, lead nurturing and sales prospecting. Here's a breakdown of the components and purpose of a Contact Engagement Score  
  
To calculate the score, users can typically track various interactions between the contact and organization. These interactions can include email opens, calendar appointments, form submissions, and more. Each interaction type can be weighted differently based on its significance.

**In this article :  **

  * Feature 1: Manage Scoring 
  * Feature 2: Rules and score builder 
  * Feature 3: Sorting and filtering in Conversations 

* * *

### **Feature 1: Manage Scoring**

  * **Edit Score Profile Name and Description** : With Score Builder, you can easily customize the name and description of your score profiles to ensure they align with your specific business needs and objectives.

  * **Draft/ Publish** : By default the score profile stays in draft state. Once the profile is published, the score will be reflected to all the contacts

  * 

### **Feature 2: Rules and score builder  **

  * **Rule Customization** : The system allows you to edit and fine-tune your scoring rules as needed
  * **Add or Subtract Points** : You have full control over the scoring rules. Using the score builder, you can create rules to add or subtract points based on specific criteria, such as engagement, behavior, or any other relevant factors.
  * **Saving Changes** : Once any new rule is added or old rule is edited, the changes need to be saved to the score profile
  * 

### **Feature 3: Sorting and filtering in Conversations  **

  * **Score Display** : In the conversations module, users can find scores visibly associated with each contact. This at-a-glance view helps you quickly identify and focus on contacts with the highest scores.

  * **Sort Contacts** : Users can sort contacts based on their scores, helping you quickly identify high-priority contacts and those who require more nurturing.

  * **Filtering Options** : Users can filter contacts based on score ranges, allowing users to segment and target contacts with similar engagement levels.

* * *

# **How to Use Contact Engagement Score Workflow Actions and Triggers**

### ******More Tutorials from the Community**

<https://youtu.be/Q6UP__TvaPU>

<https://youtu.be/8wnxM1ToiD4>

<https://youtu.be/wq-coaLvF-s>

<https://youtu.be/DCJ0wc4lurg>

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Unread VS Read - Must Manually Mark as Read](/support/solutions/articles/48000980858-unread-vs-read-must-manually-mark-as-read)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to CC (Carbon Copy) and BCC (Blind Carbon Copy) for email composer](/support/solutions/articles/155000000444-how-to-cc-carbon-copy-and-bcc-blind-carbon-copy-for-email-composer)
  * [Contact Engagement score](/support/solutions/articles/155000001251-contact-engagement-score)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Actions - Modify Contact Engagement Score](/support/solutions/articles/155000003424-workflow-actions-modify-contact-engagement-score)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Contact Engagement Score](/support/solutions/articles/155000003496-workflow-trigger-contact-engagement-score)
  * [Trigger - Video Tracking](/support/solutions/articles/155000003142-trigger-video-tracking)
  * [A List of Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/articles/155000002292-a-list-of-workflow-triggers)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
