Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. Email Notifications in Forms and Surveys

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Email Notifications in Forms and Surveys

Modified on: Wed, 3 Jan, 2024 at 1:45 PM

Email Notifications in Forms & Surveys offer a convenient and efficient way to stay updated on form submissions without the need for constant manual monitoring. Utilize this feature to respond promptly to submissions, and ensure a seamless form management experience. Share form submission details with team members or stakeholders by including their email addresses in the email notification settings.

**In This Article**

  * Notification Option in secondary bar
  * Configure Email Notifications

* * *

In actionable, easy-to-understand language, describe the different features or elements of your product and how to use them. Feel free to add code snippets, embed videos, files, images and checklists in these sections where applicable.

## Notification Option in secondary bar

Clicking on the Bell icon will open the Email Notifications sidebar. Toggle on Email notification will turn on the email notification.

## Configure Email Notifications

In the Email Notifications sidebar, you can configure the following fields:

  1.  Subject: Set the email subject. If left empty, the form or survey name will be automatically added. You can use custom field also in subject.
  2. Email (To): Now, you can enter multiple email addresses with ease. Just enter them and watch them convert to email tags.
  3. Sender Name: If left empty, the location or agency name will be used as the sender’s name.

If sender name is empty, it will take default locations name.

Note: The email notification being sent through this uses email credits

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [Using the Inline Forms/ Surveys Element in email campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003912-using-the-inline-forms-surveys-element-in-email-campaign)
  * [Email Verification feature in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000002668-email-verification-feature-in-forms-and-surveys)
  * [Typeform to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003331-typeform-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Themes in Forms/Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000001315-themes-in-forms-surveys)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
