Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Mobile App](/support/solutions/48000455168)
  4. [Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000768)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Mobile App](/support/solutions/48000455168)
     * [Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000768)
  6. How to Switch Contacts and Use Custom Values in the Mobil...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Switch Contacts and Use Custom Values in the Mobile App Calendar

Modified on: Wed, 14 Aug, 2024 at 3:37 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What’s New
  * Why it Matters

We’re thrilled to announce our latest update to calendars on the mobile app. Custom values are now supported within the Custom meeting location field. Subaccount admins and users can also change contacts while in the middle of scheduling a new appointment. This update is available on HighLevel, LeadConnector, and White-labelled (update needs to be requested) mobile apps.

## **What’s New**

  * Change contact while scheduling an appointment - You can now update the contact while you are scheduling a new appointment.
  * Custom value support for custom meeting location: Custom values are now supported inside the Custom meeting location field.
  * Calendar notes improvements: Calendar notes will no longer be truncated. You can tap on “View more” to view the entire text added inside calendar notes.

## **Why it Matters**

This update brings improvements to the calendars module, thus refining the overall experience.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Switch Contacts and Use Custom Values in the Mobile App Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000003074-how-to-switch-contacts-and-use-custom-values-in-the-mobile-app-calendar)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use Service Calendars in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003048-how-to-use-service-calendars-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [Snapshots - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000982511-snapshots-overview)
  * [When {{appointment.start_time}} or any other appointment custom values are not showing up](/support/solutions/articles/48001181948-when-appointment-start-time-or-any-other-appointment-custom-values-are-not-showing-up)
  * [Mobile Apps Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001702-mobile-apps-overview)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
