Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
  4. [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
     * [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  6. Where is my affiliate payout?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Where is my affiliate payout?

Modified on: Wed, 31 Jan, 2024 at 12:01 PM

**"The affiliate portal shows that I was paid, but I didn't receive the money."**

There could be a few reasons for this!

  * Make sure you've set up **Tipalti**
    * If you do not have an active HighLevel account, send an email to affiliatepayments@gohighlevel.com and request a Tipalti set-up link!
    * If you do have an Active HighLevel subscription, you can set up Tipalti within your [Affiliate Portal](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001208136-affiliate-payouts-where-how-when-can-i-get-paid-).
  * Are you past the **threshold of $50** in commission? Payouts are only released after you've generated more than $50, so see if you can bring on another referral this month!
  * Payments are released between the **10th-15th** of each month, and may take up to 5 days to reach your bank account. If you've completed all other steps and haven't received your payout by the 20th of the month, reach out to our support team!
  * Ensure that your promotion efforts abide by our [Affiliate Policy](https://www.gohighlevel.com/affiliate-policy)! If your payments have been suspended due to violations of the policy, you'll have multiple notices in your inbox.

If you’re successfully receiving payouts but the commission amount looks incorrect, please refer to [this article](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001897-my-affiliate-commission-looks-incorrect).

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use Affiliate Portal](/support/solutions/articles/48001202637-how-to-use-affiliate-portal)
  * [FAQs for Affiliate Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/155000003645-faqs-for-affiliate-campaigns)
  * [How to Set Up and Pay Affiliates Using PayPal Auto Payouts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003658-how-to-set-up-and-pay-affiliates-using-paypal-auto-payouts)
  * [FAQs for Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003654-faqs-for-affiliates)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
