Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Privacy Policy](/support/solutions/folders/155000000083)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Privacy Policy](/support/solutions/folders/155000000083)
  6. How to link privacy policy when you collect personal data...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to link privacy policy when you collect personal data from your leads or customers

Modified on: Mon, 4 Mar, 2024 at 12:29 AM

    **Disclaimer :** This is not legal advice. This help article is for informational purposes only. Always consult with your own legal counsel. 

General consideration for privacy policies:

  1. What personal data do you collect?
  2. Where can you collect personal data?
    1. Funnels & Websites
    2. Forms
    3. Surveys
    4. Web Chat
    5. Order Forms
    6. Calendars
  3. How to create your privacy policy using funnels or websites
    1. Build a dedicated page within a funnel / website page (typically done on a homepage where the URL can be easily referenced
    2. Search google for references - <https://www.google.com/search?q=privacy+policy+templates>
    3. Please consult your legal counsel for help in drafting and finalizing your privacy policy specific to your business and use case.
  4. Where you can link to your privacy policy 
    1. In funnels & websites
      1. Text / Button
    2. In forms
      1. Text / link
      2. T&C form element
    3. In Surveys
      1. Text / Link
    4. Web Chat
      1. Text / Link in widget description
    5. Order Forms
      1. Text / Link on order page
      2. Enable Terms and Conditions in Advanced settings of Order Form and create a link there
    6. Calendars
      1. Text / Link on the page that the calendar is embedded on
      2. Use a custom form with a T&C element that includes the link (Note: you will need to link to a page on your website which contains your T&C as reference.)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to link privacy policy when you collect personal data from your leads or customers](/support/solutions/articles/155000000581-how-to-link-privacy-policy-when-you-collect-personal-data-from-your-leads-or-customers)

## You may like to read -

  * [A2P 10DLC Campaign Approval Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/48001229784-a2p-10dlc-campaign-approval-best-practices)
  * [Toll-Free Verification Guide for LC - Phone (US/Canada)](/support/solutions/articles/48001222300-toll-free-verification-guide-for-lc-phone-us-canada-)
  * [GDPR Compliance and Data Privacy](/support/solutions/articles/48001210915-gdpr-compliance-and-data-privacy)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
