Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Custom Objects.](/support/solutions/155000000183)
  4. [Getting Started with Custom Objects](/support/solutions/folders/155000000895)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Custom Objects.](/support/solutions/155000000183)
     * [Getting Started with Custom Objects](/support/solutions/folders/155000000895)
  6. Creating and Editing Custom Objects

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Creating and Editing Custom Objects

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 12:12 PM

Custom Objects provide a powerful way to structure and manage this information if you have specialized data to track— such as properties, pets, events, or legal cases. 

Before creating your first custom object, do check out - [Getting Started with Custom Objects](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000003896?portalId=48000045315)

    Only **admins** have create, update and delete access for Custom Objects. Users have **read-only access** to view details but they cannot make changes to Custom Objects

    Custom Objects feature is available only on the $497 plan

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

      * Step 1: Create Custom Object
      * Step 2: Add Details about Custom Object
      * Step 3: Editing a Custom Object

* * *

### **Step 1: Create Custom Object**

### **

  * Go to Subaccount > Settings > Objects
  * Click on "Add Custom Object"

**

### **Step 2: Add Details about Custom Object**

  * Mention the singular name of the object e.g. Pet

  * A plural name of the object should be added e.g. Pets

  * Internal Name of the object and the primary field is created by default - it can be edited by clicking on the "</>" icon and updating the internal name.

  * Add a name for the primary display field name - e.g. Pet Name, Pet Identification Number

  * Add an icon to easily identify the custom object

  * Also - add a description to the object to help anyone understand what the object signifies.

  * Click on "Create Custom Object"

### **Step 3: Editing a Custom Object**

  * Once the Custom Object is created, the custom object will start appearing on the same page.

  * You can click on any of the Custom Objects to start editing its details.

  * Note that the primary display field and the internal names cannot be edited once created. 

### **Deleting a Custom Object**

  * Click on the 3 dots near the custom object name 

  * Select "Delete" from the dropdown.

  * Type "DELETE" in the text box and confirm deletion.

  * The custom object is now deleted  

    Deleting a custom object is an irreversible action. Once a custom object is deleted, all its records, associations, workflows and custom fields will be deleted and cannot be recovered anymore. 

* * *

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Getting Started with Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000003896-getting-started-with-custom-objects)
  * [Creating and Editing Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000003897-creating-and-editing-custom-objects)
  * [Creating and Updating Custom Object Records](/support/solutions/articles/155000004023-creating-and-updating-custom-object-records)

## You may like to read -

  * [Associations for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004033-associations-for-custom-objects)
  * [Custom Object Audit Logs](/support/solutions/articles/155000003844-custom-object-audit-logs)
  * [Getting Started with Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000003896-getting-started-with-custom-objects)
  * [Creating and Updating Custom Object Records](/support/solutions/articles/155000004023-creating-and-updating-custom-object-records)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
