Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Multi Select for Forms, Surveys, Contains Phrase and Exac...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Multi Select for Forms, Surveys, Contains Phrase and Exact Match

Modified on: Mon, 8 Jul, 2024 at 4:38 PM

As there was no multi select functionality and users were not able to select the same filters again they had to create multiple triggers.

## **New functionality**

  * Now users will be able to select multiple options in Forms, Surveys, Contains Phrase and Exact Match fields.
  * This will work as an "Or" functionality. For eg. if in FB - Comments on a Post trigger, contains phrase field 5 options are present then the trigger will execute if the contact has commented any one of the phrases.

## **How to use?**

  * Forms & Surveys- In the trigger the ability to select multiple options by clicking on them from the dropdown will be available for filters.
  * Contains Phrase & Exact Match - In the trigger the ability to select multiple options will be available by pressing "Enter" or "Return" after typing the text.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Facebook / Instagram - User comments on a Post trigger](/support/solutions/articles/155000002171-facebook-instagram-user-comments-on-a-post-trigger)
  * [Pre-Populate SMS Messages With Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001172448-pre-populate-sms-messages-with-links)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Facebook/Instagram - Comment(s) on a Post](/support/solutions/articles/155000003419-workflow-trigger-facebook-instagram-comment-s-on-a-post)
  * [How to track leads from an Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003643-how-to-track-leads-from-an-affiliate-campaign)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
