Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. Timezone in Forms and Surveys

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Timezone in Forms and Surveys

Modified on: Tue, 28 Nov, 2023 at 11:49 PM

The incorporation of the Timezone feature into your forms and surveys plays a pivotal role in ensuring precision in timestamping responses and gaining a comprehensive understanding of the geographical distribution of your audience. This detailed guide aims to elucidate the significance of integrating Timezone functionality, offering insights into its applications, and providing comprehensive instructions on how to seamlessly implement and manage Timezone data within your forms and surveys.

**In This Article:**

    * Enabling the timezone feature
    * Utilizing from Submissions

* * *

## Enabling the timezone feature

You can find this feature under options in timezone. By default, it is enabled and can be turned ON or OFF from here.

## Utilizing from Submissions

You can see the captured timezone under form/survey submission which can be utilized to send messages and emails as per contacts timezone. The format is the standard one which mentions the region and then GMT timezone make it readable.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [Using the Inline Forms/ Surveys Element in email campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003912-using-the-inline-forms-surveys-element-in-email-campaign)
  * [How to get customer consent or track legal basis to process your lead's or customer's personal data](/support/solutions/articles/155000000582-how-to-get-customer-consent-or-track-legal-basis-to-process-your-lead-s-or-customer-s-personal-data)
  * [Multi Select for Forms, Surveys, Contains Phrase and Exact Match](/support/solutions/articles/155000002765-multi-select-for-forms-surveys-contains-phrase-and-exact-match)
  * [Themes in Forms/Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000001315-themes-in-forms-surveys)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
