Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to print shipping labels or packing slips for my stor...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to print shipping labels or packing slips for my store orders?

Modified on: Wed, 31 Jul, 2024 at 2:55 AM

## **About:**

Store owners can now streamline their order fulfillment process by generating shipping labels and packing slips for any Ecommerce store order. This new feature allows you to print labels for entire orders or for specific items during fulfillment. 

The generated labels and slips will include:

  1. **Order ID**
  2. **Order Date**
  3. **Store Name**
  4. **Shipping Address** & **Billing Address**
  5. **Itemized List of Products** with:
    1. Variant Name
    2. Product Image
    3. Quantities
  6. **Sender's Address** (Store Address)

## **How to use this?**

  1. Store owners can access the print shipping labels or packing slips feature at: **Payments > Orders > Select any Store order > "Print Shipping Label"**.
  2. Shipping labels can be generated from three places:
    1. **Order details page:** Click the "Print Shipping Label" button to download a PDF with all unfulfilled and fulfilled orders on separate pages.  

    2. **Fulfilment of order:** During fulfilment, selected items and quantities will be listed, and clicking the "Print Shipping Label" button will generate the shipping label for those items.  

    3. **Partially fulfilled orders:  **Clicking on 3 dots aside the partially fulfilled order shows the option to download packing slips or Shipping label for that specific order.  

## **Notes:**

  * Shipping labels/Packing slips can only be generated for Ecommerce store orders.
  * For orders with multiple partial fulfillments, each fulfillment will list the items on a separate page when generating shipping labels.
  * Currently, the billing and shipping addresses are the same on shipping labels. This will be editable once the billing address field is released on the checkout page.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Print Packing Slips for Your Ecommerce Orders](/support/solutions/articles/155000003121-how-to-print-packing-slips-for-your-ecommerce-orders)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [How to use Printful Integration with your Ecommerce Store?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002442-how-to-use-printful-integration-with-your-ecommerce-store-)
  * [How to Deliver Digital Products for E-commerce Stores?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004054-how-to-deliver-digital-products-for-e-commerce-stores-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
