Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. Guide to Email Campaign Statistics

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Guide to Email Campaign Statistics

Modified on: Thu, 10 Oct, 2024 at 1:09 PM

### **More Tutorials from the Community**

<https://youtu.be/djbFA1EJ8To>

<https://youtu.be/4VrNHSZLi_o>

<https://youtu.be/43sYeRq535E>

<https://youtu.be/zF4QTiyBh-Y>

The statistics is your  key to understanding campaign performance over a chosen period of time. If enabled, it will help you dive deep into clicks, orders, and other interactions to gain strategic insights into your marketing efforts.   
  
In this article, we'll explore the metrics of each section to help you make informed decisions and drive success with your campaigns.  

_**How to use Statistics?**_**_  
_**  

  1. Ensure that you have enabled this in Beta under settings  

  2. Navigate to Email Marketing. Click on Campaigns.  

  3. Select the Statistics option.  

  4. Choose the date range: last 7 or 30 days.  

  5. For performance trend analysis, select the relevant metric from the dropdown in the Performance Analysis section

** _Details for individual sections_** _  
_  

  * **Conversion Summary:** Quickly see important numbers like how many orders were placed, the total revenue earned, the rate at which orders were made, and the average order value. This gives you a snapshot of how well your campaigns are driving sales.  

  * **Engagement Summary:** Get an easy-to-understand overview of how people are interacting with your emails. See how many emails were sent, how many were opened, how many recipients clicked on links, and how many actually made a purchase. It's like a funnel that shows you where people drop off and where they take action. We are showing unique clicks and opens made by your contacts irrespective of how many times they open or click the campaign.  

  * **Performance Analysis:  **Track how different metrics change over time. See trends in metrics like how many emails were sent, how many were opened, how many were clicked, and how many people unsubscribed. This helps you understand if your campaigns are improving or if you need to make adjustments.  
How to switch between metrics?  
Click on the drop down to analyze trends of chosen metrics over the period of time.  

  * **Top Performing Emails:  **Discover which emails are bringing in the most revenue. Easily identify the top 5 emails that are driving sales so you can learn from their success and replicate it in future campaigns.  

  * **Recent Email Analysis:  **Dive into the details of your most recent emails. Access the 10 most recent emails sent out for a thorough analysis. This allows you to see how your latest campaigns are performing and make any necessary tweaks for better results.These sections are designed to give you clear and actionable insights into your email campaigns, helping you make informed decisions to boost your marketing efforts.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Understanding ROI Conversion Metrics for Tracking Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/155000001701-understanding-roi-conversion-metrics-for-tracking-email-campaigns)
  * [How to Use the Affiliate Portal: A Comprehensive Guide for Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003650-how-to-use-the-affiliate-portal-a-comprehensive-guide-for-affiliates)
  * [Guide to click tracking in email campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/155000002664-guide-to-click-tracking-in-email-campaigns)
  * [How to set up A/B testing for your Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001230348-how-to-set-up-a-b-testing-for-your-email-campaigns)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
