Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  6. Enable Conversation AI for your Agency

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Enable Conversation AI for your Agency

Modified on: Mon, 15 Jul, 2024 at 12:28 AM

**Guide on How to enable Conversation AI in your Agency?**

      * Step 1: Navigate to your agency settings in the left sidebar.
      * Step 2: Go to "Company" Settings and then scroll down on the right.
      * Step 3: Click the toggle "Enable Coversation AI"
      * Step 4: Accept the terms and conditions & Click Enable
      * Step 5: Utilize the new "Conversation AI" tab in Agency Settings to Manage the feature for each Sub-account 

* * *

### **Step 1: Navigate to your agency settings in the left sidebar.**  

### **Step 2: Go to "Company" Settings and then scroll down on the right.**

### **Step 3: Click the toggle "Enable Coversation AI"**

  * This toggle only enables the Conversation AI settings in all your sub-accounts. The bot is still in the OFF Mode

****

### **Step 4: Accept the terms and conditions & Click Enable**

****

### **Step 5: Utilize the new "Conversation AI" tab in Agency Settings to Manage the feature for each Sub-account  **[(more info)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002823-agency-settings-conversation-ai-tab)

****

#   

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Conversation AI Bot - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000001335-conversation-ai-bot-explained)
  * [Pricing and Rebilling Conversation AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000001357-pricing-and-rebilling-conversation-ai)
  * [Workflow X Conversation AI - Conversation AI Action *Beta](/support/solutions/articles/155000001358-workflow-x-conversation-ai-conversation-ai-action-beta)
  * [Enable Conversation AI for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000001361-enable-conversation-ai-for-your-agency)

## You may like to read -

  * [Agency Settings - "Conversation AI" Tab](/support/solutions/articles/155000002823-agency-settings-conversation-ai-tab)
  * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/articles/155000003906-ai-employee)
  * [How to Use Conversation AI to Book Appointments](/support/solutions/articles/155000000210-how-to-use-conversation-ai-to-book-appointments)
  * [AI Tools in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002166-ai-tools-in-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
