Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/48000450445)
  4. [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/folders/48000668553)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/48000450445)
     * [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/folders/48000668553)
  6. How to manage developer user accounts?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to manage developer user accounts?

Modified on: Tue, 21 May, 2024 at 1:43 PM

In this guide, we'll explain how to manage users within your developer account using our Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) system. This feature allows you to add users to your marketplace account and assign them appropriate roles with specific permissions.

## 

## **Table of Contents**

  * Understanding Roles and Permissions
    * Roles and Their Permissions:
    * Maximum allowed permissions for each role
  * Managing User Roles and Permissions
      * Adding Users
      * Editing User Permissions
      * Deleting Users

## **Understanding Roles and Permissions**

Our RBAC system categorises developer users into three roles: Owner, Admin, and User. Each role has a distinct set of permissions to ensure appropriate access levels within your developer account.

####   

### **Roles and Their Permissions:**

**Owner:**

  * **The initial user who signs up is designated as the Owner.**

  * **Only one Owner per account.**

  * **Full access to all features and settings.**

  * **Cannot transfer ownership.**

**Admin:**

  * **Similar to the Owner but cannot modify the Owner's details.**

  * **Can manage other Admins and Users.**

**User:**

  * **Restricted access compared to Admins and Owners.**

  * **Limited to certain actions as detailed below.**

**  
**

### **Maximum allowed permissions for each role:**

**Permission**| **Owner**| **Admin**| **User**  
---|---|---|---  
**View apps**| **Yes**| **Yes**| **Yes**  
**Create and manage apps**| **Yes**| **Yes**| **Yes**  
**Delete apps**| **Yes**| **Yes**| **No**  
**Submit for review**| **Yes**| **Yes**| **Yes**  
**View app earnings**| **Yes**| **Yes**| **No**  
**Create & manage users**| **Yes**| **Yes**| **No**  
**View app dashboard**| **Yes**| **Yes**| **Yes**  
  
**  
**

##   

## **Managing User Roles and Permissions**

#### **Adding Users:**

  * Navigate to Account > User Management  

  * Click on the Add User button.

## 

  * Enter the new user's details including their email and assign a role (Admin or User).

  * Adjust the permissions as needed by toggling the available options  

  * Click Submit to add the user.

  * The user will receive an email containing the activation link. After clicking the link, they will be prompted to set a password. Once the password is set, the developer account will be ready to use.  

#### **Editing User Permissions:**

  * #### **As an Owner or Admin, you can modify the permissions for any user (Admins cannot modify Owner details).**

  * **Navigate to the user's profile in the Users section and click on 'Edit User' from the menu options.**

  * **Adjust the permissions as needed by toggling the available options.**

  * **Click Save to apply changes.**

****

#### **Deleting Users:**

  * **To delete a user,  ****navigate to the user's profile in the Users section and click on 'Remove User' from the menu options.**

  * **Note****: Only Owners and Admins can delete users. Users cannot delete other users.**

********

###   

**  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [HighLevel API](/support/solutions/articles/48001060529-highlevel-api)
  * [How to update your API keys](/support/solutions/articles/48001205369-how-to-update-your-api-keys)
  * [How to Use Webhook.site to Troubleshoot your API Requests](/support/solutions/articles/48001212085-how-to-use-webhook-site-to-troubleshoot-your-api-requests)
  * [How to get started with the Developer's Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000000136-how-to-get-started-with-the-developer-s-marketplace)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to get started with the Developer's Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000000136-how-to-get-started-with-the-developer-s-marketplace)
  * [How to sell Snapshots on the App Marketplace?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003709-how-to-sell-snapshots-on-the-app-marketplace-)
  * [White Label the Android App](/support/solutions/articles/48000982209-white-label-the-android-app)
  * [White Label the iPhone App](/support/solutions/articles/48000982208-white-label-the-iphone-app)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
