Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. How to copy contacts from one sub-account to another sub-...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to copy contacts from one sub-account to another sub-account?

Modified on: Thu, 12 Sep, 2024 at 12:44 AM

# **Copy Contact**

### Additional Tutorial Videos:

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deI0HZ2HcAQ>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqCFyLRiols>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZ85Ej6VnKc>

Copy Contact enables copying contact to another account.

    - **Agencies on****Any Plan**** ** ($97, $970, $297, $2970, $497, $4970) can access LC Premium Triggers & Actions.  
      
    - Once Premium Actions & Triggers are enabled via the Agency settings, __EXISTING__ and New Sub-Accounts will have _**100 free executions**_.  
       
    - For agencies to avoid accruing execution costs for EXISTING Sub-Accounts, rebilling will need to be enabled _**manually**_ for each Sub-Account within the Agency view ([more info](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001231559-how-to-enable-lc-premium-triggers-actions-for-workflows#How-to-turn-on-re-billing-for-my-clients?:~:text=Re%2Dbilling%20the%20costs%20to%20your%20clients%20and%20making%20a%20profit)).   
      
    - If premium actions are **enabled** on the SaaS Configurator, new Sub-Accounts generated will _automatically_ be enrolled in LC Premium Actions & Triggers, _**no further**_ action is required by the agency.

#### **Select an Account**

####  The contact will be copied to the selected account. Only the accounts that the logged in user has access to will be listed here.  
  
**Copy Tags**

####  Organize your contacts effectively by adding multiple tags to newly copied contacts in your selected sub-account. You can choose tags from the source contact information or even create new ones manually.

####   

####   
  
**Copy Custom Fields****  
**

#### If enabled, contact custom fields will be copied to the selected account. The custom field value will be copied only if that field exists in the selected account.

#### **Toggle : Update contact if it already exists**

  * If this is enabled and if the contact already exists in the selected sub-account then the contact will be updated in the sub account. 

  * If the contact is not existing in the sub account then new contact will be created.

#### Skip Copy Contact if Contact does not have Email and Name

If a contact does not have an Email or a Name then the contact won’t be copied and will be skipped. 

#### **What will be copied?**

Below fields will be copied when Copy Contact action is used -

  * Contact info
  * General info
  * Tags (Copy tags toggle must be turned on in the Copy contact action)
  * Custom fields **(Copy Custom fields toggle must be turned on in the Copy contact action and same custom field should be available in the sub account) (The custom field type should be same in both accounts)**

#### **What will  not be copied?**

Details such as Conversations, Activity, Notes, Tasks, Appointments, Documents and Payments will not be copied.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Copy Workflow to another Sub-Account?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001229-how-to-copy-workflow-to-another-sub-account-)
  * [Sub-Account Transfers: Transfer Sub-account to an Existing Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000002031-sub-account-transfers-transfer-sub-account-to-an-existing-agency)
  * [Workflow Action - Copy Contact To Sub Account](/support/solutions/articles/155000003272-workflow-action-copy-contact-to-sub-account)
  * [Sharing Blog Content Across Sub-Accounts via a Snapshot](/support/solutions/articles/155000003594-sharing-blog-content-across-sub-accounts-via-a-snapshot)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
