Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. Setting a Facebook page as Default for Ad Manager

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Setting a Facebook page as Default for Ad Manager

Modified on: Wed, 28 Aug, 2024 at 1:36 AM

In this article, we will be describing how to set a connected Facebook page from the list of all the connected pages as the default page. This page will be considered as the choice of page to publish new ad campaigns.

    Note: During the campaign creation process, user will have the option to select any page which they want the ad campaign to be published on. The concept of setting a page as default stemmed from the fact that there should be a default selected page in the campaign builder flow which is open to be changed by the user as and when desired.

* * *

## **How to set a connected Facebook page as Default?**

All the Facebook pages that are connected with Ad Manager are listed under Ad Manager settings > Pages tab that can be accessed by clicking on the gear icon or settings button on top right at Ad Manager home page.

Any connected Facebook page can be marked as a default page to be used as the choice of page to publish new ad campaigns, one can do so by clicking on the ellipses present on the right edge of each page row. On click of ellipses, there is a 'Set as default' button present.

On click of the 'Set as default' button, the corresponding page will be set as the default page and the earlier selected default page will no longer be the default choice to publish a new ad campaign.

Few points specific to setting a page as default:

  1. During the onboarding flow, when user connects the first Facebook page with Ad Manager then that page will be considered as the default page.
  2. If user deletes an already connected page which is set as default, the next page automatically becomes default.
  3. There can be only one default page out of all connected Facebook pages.

    **Note** : During the campaign creation process, user will have the option to select any page which they want the ad campaign to be published on. The concept of setting a page as default stemmed from the fact that there should be a default selected page in the campaign builder flow which is open to be changed by the user as and when desired.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [Connect Facebook with Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003044-connect-facebook-with-ad-manager)
  * [Ad Manager settings](/support/solutions/articles/155000003051-ad-manager-settings)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
