Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Bulk Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000591)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Bulk Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000591)
  6. Bulk Send SMS via Contacts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Bulk Send SMS via Contacts

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 12:15 PM

Select multiple contacts and the ability to send SMS to all the contacts in one go using Bulk SMS 

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

      * Step 1: Select multiple contacts in the Contacts list view
      * Step 2: Add details about the SMS and select the sender phone number
      * Step 3: Check the progress in the bulk actions page

* * *

### **Step 1: Select multiple contacts in the Contacts list view**

Select multiple contacts and send SMS to those users  

### **Step 2: Add details about the SMS and select the sender phone number  
**

  1. **Select the Sending Number:**
     * Select the phone number from a dropdown in the **“From”** field.
     * The dropdown lists all available phone numbers.
     * The default number will be used to send the SMS if no phone number is selected in the dropdown
  2. **Type a message or select an SMS Template:**
     * Add a message in the message box that should be sent in the SMS, or
     * Select an SMS Template to be added to the message.
  3. **Select whether you want to Send all at once, Send all at a time and schedule a time or Send via drip mode**
     * Add further information about the scheduled time and the drip schedule in case of scheduling the SMS or sending via drip mode.
  4. **Give a name to the action**
     * Enter a name for this action 

### **Step 3: Check the progress in the bulk actions page**

  * Check the progress and stats of the bulk SMS in the bulk actions page with the metrics for Attempted, Delivered, Clicked and Failed messages. 

* * *

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Bulk Add and Remove Tags from Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002830-bulk-add-and-remove-tags-from-contacts)
  * [Bulk Send SMS via Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003859-bulk-send-sms-via-contacts)
  * [Importing Contacts and Opportunities via CSV](/support/solutions/articles/155000003905-importing-contacts-and-opportunities-via-csv)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to send personalized payment links to multiple contacts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002666-how-to-send-personalized-payment-links-to-multiple-contacts-)
  * [LC - Phone Messaging Policy](/support/solutions/articles/48001213941-lc-phone-messaging-policy)
  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [Best Practices for SMS deliverability and Avoiding SMS Restrictions](/support/solutions/articles/155000000079-best-practices-for-sms-deliverability-and-avoiding-sms-restrictions)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
