Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Add Recurring Products to Your Products List in Do...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Add Recurring Products to Your Products List in Documents and Contracts

Modified on: Fri, 2 Aug, 2024 at 10:28 AM

What's new?

  * You can now add recurring products to your product list in Document Builder

  * If your product has a set up fee associated, it would show up as a separate row item

  * If you add a one time product and recurring product together in the list, the one time product will only be charged to the user in the first invoice.
  * You can also add a recurring schedule to your Document templates 

with capability to assign start date as the completed date of the document.

How to use?

  * Add a product list to your document

  * Add recurring as well as one time products in the product list
  * If a recurring product is added, add a schedule from the product list properties and set invoice sending date as document completed date or a custom date. (Enabled in templates as well)
  * Once the document is completed, an invoice will be sent (recurring if at least 1 recurring product was added, One time if none was added)
  * Set up fee associated with a product is shown separately in the product list

Why did we build it?

  * In our effort to streamline acceptance of invoices after Document Signature, recurring products and set up fee of products were stopping a lot of you from using contracts. No longer.

What's next on Payments via Documents and Contracts

  * 2 In 1 Documents: Showing invoice directly after primary signer signs the document
  * One time Deposit: Collecting a %age of the total product value in the invoice

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [2 in 1 Documents: Direct Invoice payments after signing](/support/solutions/articles/155000004063-2-in-1-documents-direct-invoice-payments-after-signing)
  * [How to Sell Your Subscription Based Services & Recurring Products in Your GHL Ecom Store](/support/solutions/articles/155000002833-how-to-sell-your-subscription-based-services-recurring-products-in-your-ghl-ecom-store)
  * [How to create recurring Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/48001219440-how-to-create-recurring-invoices)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
