Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. Overview of Ad Manager

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Overview of Ad Manager

Modified on: Mon, 7 Oct, 2024 at 12:32 AM

[](https://youtu.be/coEggcLqUTc)  

Generate new leads with simple ad creation and seamless syncing of leads or increase traffic on your website with Ad Manager that support Facebook Ads. It is easy three step setup function for Ad Manager. 

    A loom video recording of Ad Manager overview can be found in this [link](https://www.loom.com/share/22d82ba28a804090b4db72c3e1f57897?sid=01f1f262-db1e-475a-be95-bc0caf768ae4).

    Few Prerequisite for Ad Manager -   
      
    1. Selection of a pricing model from Agency view > Reselling is the first step in accessing Ad Manager. It is best to set the reselling offer of Ad Manager to sub-accounts before proceeding further.  
      
    2. Toggling ON/OFF Ad Manager for a sub-account will ensure the visibility of Ad Manager tab under sub-account > marketing. It is ON by default for all the sub-accounts once agency has opted for a pricing model.  
      
    3. Ad Manager can be enabled for the sub-account by the agency and for every user, it can be enabled from staff > permissions of Ad Manager.  

    4. In Ad Manager, the first step is to connect multiple Facebook page by logging into your Facebook account via LeadConnector App. Ad Manager allows connecting multiple Facebook pages.   

Under **Default Ad Manager** model, Ad Manager is creating child Business manager with Facebook page to maintain the ad campaign buying, conversion pixel data, audience and other assets. 

Under **Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager** model, user is asked to connect an already existing Ad account and the associated Business Manager will be connected with Ad Manager to use and publish ads.

**Ad Manager allows the agency to resell to the sub-account and generate commission from 0-15%. [Learn more about Permission and Pricing[here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002440-ad-manager-permission-and-pricing)]**

###   
**Create and Manage Your Campaign**

There are certain guidelines defined by Meta when creating an advertisement. Keeping these in mind when creating an ad campaign will result in easy review process and minimum failures. The article links for the same are as follows:

<https://transparency.meta.com/en-gb/policies/ad-standards/unacceptable-content/discriminatory-practices/>

<https://transparency.meta.com/en-gb/policies/ad-standards/fraud-scams/unacceptable-business-practices/>  

<https://transparency.meta.com/en-gb/policies>

 There are 3 Steps in Ad Manager which are  

**1\. Choose the objective, placement and content**

  * Objective - The first step to building a Facebook Ads campaign is to choose a goal that's most important for your business/brand building. Depending on the goal you choose - Lead Generation or Website Traffic. The goal objective with Lead Generation is achieved using the Facebook form integration, the user can create their new forms or utilise the other forms. The other objective of Website Traffic allows drive visitors to the landing page url.
  * Special Ad Category - If you are running ad campaign for employment, housing, credit, politics and online gaming and gambling, they fall under the Special Ad category and specifying it during the ad creation process ensures compliance with local laws and regulations for smooth campaign review. 
    * Facebook's Special Ad Category has limited targeting options, including restrictions on the following audiences:
      * Lookalike audiences: These are not allowed for Special Ad Category ads. However, you can create a Lookalike audience outside of Facebook and upload it as a custom audience.
      * Saved audiences: These are not allowed for Special Ad Category ads.
      * Zip codes or postal codes: These are not allowed for Special Ad Category ads. If you select specific locations, they will include a minimum of a 15-mile or 25km radius.
      * Detailed targeting: Most demographic, behaviour, and interest options are not available. 
      * Other restrictions for Special Ad Category ads include:
      * Age defaults to 18-65+ and can't be edited.
      * Gender includes all genders only and can't be edited.

  * Placement - The places where you can run your ads are called placements.Automatic placements enable us to get the best results available from across all default placements based on budget allocated and help control costs. Manual placements allows user to select the places where they would like to show the ads for brand safety and optimisation.  

  * Content - It allows the user to add the Primary text (recommended 125 characters), Headline (recommended 40 characters), Description (recommended 25 characters) and rich media of Image(s)/Video(s) (Image size is 30MB and video size is 1GB)  

**2. Budget, Geography and Optional settings**

  * Monthly Budget - The campaign manager can setup a monthly budget for the campaign, this will work as subscription. The budget will show each day division along with the average views. Monthly budget can be increased or decreased by renewing subscription.  
  
Note - For the first month, there is limit of 3500$ per subaccount for ad campaign. It will gradually increase for each month.  

  * Geography - Campaign can be adjusted to run for specific location or can exclude a specific location in certain country/state.  

  * Optional Settings of Interest, Gender, Language and Age group- The user can add more specific setup for each option.  

**  
**  

 **3. Review the details of the Ad campaign - **Once the campaign is in review stage, you can verify all the details of aesthetics, media, content, budget and other options before taking your campaign live. 

After the 3 steps are completed, the Ad Campaign on clicking the publish option will ask for adding the card details and starting the monthly subscription.

### **Analyse Performance on the Campaign Dashboard or Reporting**

Ad Campaign for Facebook Ad will show the Cost per Click (CPC), Impressions and Ad Spend as the basic metrics. Our future release will allow to view the customised dashboard for Ad Manager reporting.  

### **Ad Campaign Optimisation**

Ad Manager allows optimisation of ad to bring better results and conversions. Ad Manager provides option to create new conversion pixel from Ad Manager > Settings > Conversions. Once the conversion option with funnel or lead event is generated.  

The next step is setup the workflow automation to optimise the conversion for ad campaign. This will help to send the server side for form/survey submissions, chat widget submissions, number pool or any other activity which you would like to record. For data to send successfully for Facebook conversion, the fbclid is required parameter in URL. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to set up Facebook Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001204042-how-to-set-up-facebook-ad-reporting)
  * [Troubleshooting Facebook Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001220950-troubleshooting-facebook-ad-reporting)
  * [Connect Facebook with Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003044-connect-facebook-with-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
