Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  6. WhatsApp Schedule Send

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# WhatsApp Schedule Send

Modified on: Wed, 25 Sep, 2024 at 9:16 AM

The WhatsApp schedule send feature enables users to easily schedule messages for their customers. With this functionality, businesses can schedule both WhatsApp templates and free-form messages, ensuring timely and efficient communication.

[Check out release notes here](https://ideas.gohighlevel.com/changelog/whatsapp-schedule-send-and-phone-number-ui-enhancement)

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to Schedule Send WhatsApp templates
  * How to Schedule Send free form WhatsApp message 

* * *

# How to Schedule Send WhatsApp templates

Step 1: Go Conversations > Select the **contact** > Select **WhatsApp > **Select the**  template******

Step 2: Click on the button next to send

Step 3: Select date and time to send the WhatsApp template > **Send Schedule**

    Note: Date and time should be in the future

* * *

# How to Schedule Send free form WhatsApp message 

    In order to send a free form WhatsApp message, an open [Customer Service Window](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000003235-whatsapp-customer-service-window-check#What-is-a-Customer-Service-Window) needs to be there with the customer

Step 1: Go Conversations > Select the **contact** > Select **WhatsApp > **Type the free form message

Step 2: Click on the button next to send > Select date and time

    You can schedule messages upto 24 hours from the last inbound message received from the customer

Step 3: Click on schedule send

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)

## You may like to read -

  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)
  * [Action - WhatsApp](/support/solutions/articles/155000003531-action-whatsapp)
  * [WhatsApp Flows: In app Appointment Booking](/support/solutions/articles/155000003720-whatsapp-flows-in-app-appointment-booking)
  * [WhatsApp: Send Message Templates (Snippets)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003069-whatsapp-send-message-templates-snippets-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
