Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Workflow Action - Send Invoice

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Action - Send Invoice

Modified on: Wed, 18 Sep, 2024 at 1:49 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * How to Configure
  * Example

##   

## Overview

The Send Invoice action allows users to automatically send invoices to contacts within a workflow. This feature streamlines the invoicing process, ensuring timely and consistent billing for products or services provided. 

## Action Name

Send Invoice

## Action Description

  * Business users will be able to configure the action name, select the From User to define the sender details, and choose a template from one of the templates created inside invoices along with the payment mode. 
  * Users will be able to make use of the templates created inside the invoice module to define the invoice details that need to go out to the customer. Turn the feature on in Labs under sub-account settings.
  * The default/custom template configured inside the invoice settings will be used automatically to send the invoice from workflows as well

## How to Configure

  * Select the Action - Send Invoice
  * Select "From User" from the list of users
  * Choose the Invoice Template
  * Select the Toggle for Live or Test

  * 

## Example

**Send an Invoice when Opportunity Status Changes**

**Trigger**

Opportunity Status changed - Add a trigger and select the pipeline you want to trigger this workflow for.

**Action**

Send Invoice - Configure the action and it will automatically send the invoice to the contact.

**Outcome**

  * The client receives a professional and timely invoice upon project completion, streamlining the billing process.
  * The agency maintains consistent invoicing practices, reducing administrative overhead and improving cash flow.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Trigger - Invoice](/support/solutions/articles/155000002835-workflow-trigger-invoice)
  * [A List of Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002294-a-list-of-workflow-actions)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Workflow - Date/Time Formatter Action](/support/solutions/articles/48001237982-workflow-date-time-formatter-action)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
