Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  6. WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide

Modified on: Fri, 25 Oct, 2024 at 8:43 AM

## **More Tutorials from the Community**

<https://youtu.be/4Psj431vVjo>

<https://youtu.be/bHTCrcH5DsQ>

<https://youtu.be/PEdR5xgAS4I>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjDLwz0Ary4>

**In this article, we will discuss what are the nitty gritties of WhatsApp pricing for Agencies and Locations via LeadConnector(HighLevel).**

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * More Tutorials from the Community
  * Subscription Charges
    * The agency is charged a monthly subscription of $10 USD per location.
  * Conversation Based Pricing
    * We charge per conversation, not per individual message.
  * Conversation Categories
  * Opening Conversations
    * Marketing, Utility, and Authentication Conversations
    * Service Conversations
    * Customer Service Windows
    * Conversation Duration
  * Example 1: Two templates of the same category result in only one conversation charge
  * Example 2: Opening a utility conversation inside a marketing conversation 
  * Free Entry Point Conversations
  * Rates
  * Rebilling WhatsApp Messages
    * Applying the Pricing Multiplier
    * Example
  * How does the billing work?
  * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Q. What is the free tier for conversations?
    * Q: What is conversation-based pricing?
    * Q: How long does a conversation last?
    * Q: What are the different conversation categories?
    * Q: How are conversations opened?
    * Q: Can multiple conversations be open with the same customer?
    * Q: What is a customer service window?
    * Q: What is a free entry point conversation?
    * Q: What happens if I send templates of different categories in the same 24-hour conversation window? 

* * *

## **Subscription Charges**

### **The agency is charged a monthly subscription of $10 USD per location.**

An agency can further rebill the subscription with a cost of their choice(by default this value is set at $29.99) making a profit of $19.99 per location per month. 

    **[WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)**

* * *

## **Conversation Based Pricing**

### **We charge per conversation, not per individual message.**

[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)Conversations are 24-hour message threads between you and your customers. They are opened and charged when messages you send to customers are delivered. The criteria that determine when a conversation is opened and how it is categorized are explained below.

* * *

## **Conversation Categories**

Conversations are categorized into one of the following categories:

  1. **Marketing** — Enables you to achieve a wide range of goals, from generating awareness to driving sales and retargeting customers. Examples include new product, service, or feature announcements, targeted promotions/offers, and cart abandonment reminders.
  2. **Utility** — Enables you to follow-up on user actions or requests. Examples include opt-in confirmation, order/delivery management (e.g., delivery update); account updates or alerts (e.g., payment reminder); or feedback surveys.
  3. **[To be Released] Authentication** — Enables you authenticate users with one-time passcodes, potentially at multiple steps in the login process (e.g., account verification, account recovery, integrity challenges).

**Marketing, utility, and authentication conversations can only be opened with template messages. Service conversations can only be opened with free-form messages. See Opening Conversations below.**

To learn how to choose an appropriate category when creating your templates, see **[Template Categorization](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001058-template-categorisation-guidelines)**.

* * *

## **Opening Conversations**

Conversations are opened when you send a template message or free-form message under the following conditions.

### **Marketing, Utility, and Authentication Conversations**

Marketing, utility, and authentication conversations are opened when you send an approved marketing, utility, or authentication template message to a customer and no open conversation with that category exists between you and that customer.

For example, if an open authentication conversation exists between you and a customer and you send them another authentication template message within 24 hours, a new conversation is not opened. If you send them a marketing message, however, a new marketing conversation is opened, resulting in two open conversations.

### **Service Conversations**

A service conversation is opened when a free-form message is delivered to your customer and no open conversation of any category exists between you and the customer.

A customer service window must exist between you and the customer in order to send a free-form message.

For example:

  * **Hour 0:** You send a targeted promotion (marketing template) to a customer. No open marketing conversation exists between you and the customer, so a marketing conversation lasting 24 hours is opened.
  * **Hour 4:** The customer messages you. This opens a customer service window between you and the customer, allowing you to send them free-form messages for the next 24 hours.
  * **Hour 5:  **You send a free-form message to the customer. An open conversation already exists between you and the customer (a marketing conversation in this case), so a service conversation is not opened.
  * **Hour 24:** The marketing conversation expires.
  * **Hour 25:** The 24-hour customer service window is still open, so you send a second free-form message to the customer. No open conversation exists between you and the customer anymore, so a service conversation is opened, lasting 24 hours.
  * **Hour 26:** The 24-hour customer service window is still open, so you send a third free-form message to the customer. An open service conversation already exists between you and the customer, so a new service conversation is not opened.

### **Customer Service Windows**

When a WhatsApp user messages you, a 24-hour timer called a customer service window starts (or refreshes).

    All message types, except for template messages, can only be sent to a user when a customer service window is open between you and the user. Template messages can be sent to a user at any time, as long as the user has opted-in to receiving messages from you

### **Conversation Duration**

Marketing, utility, authentication, and service conversations last 24 hours unless closed by a newly opened free-entry point conversation.

Free-entry point conversations last 72 hours.

## **Example 1: Two templates of the same category result in only one conversation charge**

A utility conversation is opened at 9:00 when a utility template message is delivered. Later, with the utility conversation still open, another utility template message is delivered at 11:00. There is no new conversation charge because the template category used within the open conversation window did not change. The result is one utility conversation charge.

## **Example 2: Opening a utility conversation inside a marketing conversation  **

A marketing conversation is opened at 3:40 when a marketing template message is delivered. Later, with the marketing conversation still open, a utility template is delivered at 6:00. This opens a separate utility conversation. The result is one charge for a marketing conversation and one charge for a utility conversation.

* * *

## **Free Entry Point Conversations**

A free entry point conversation is opened if (1) a customer using a device running Android or iOS messages you via a Click to WhatsApp Ad or Facebook Page Call-to-Action button and (2) you respond within 24 hours. If you do not respond within 24 hours, a free entry point conversation is not opened and you must use a template to message the customer, which opens a marketing, utility, or authentication conversation, per the category of the template.

The free entry point conversation is opened as soon as your message is delivered and lasts 72 hours. When a free entry point conversation is opened, it automatically closes all other open conversations between you and the customer, and no new conversations will be opened until the free entry point conversation expires.

Once the free entry point conversation is opened, you can send any type of message to the customer without incurring additional charges. However, you can only send free-form messages if there is an open customer service window between you and the customer.

For example, if the customer messages you via a Click to WhatsApp Ad at 10 am and you respond via a template message at 10 pm the same day:

The free-entry point conversation starts at 10 pm and lasts 72 hours.

You can send template messages at no charge in those 72 hours.

You can send free-form messages until 10 am the next day, at which point the customer service window closes, as it is independent of the free entry point conversation (if the customer messages you again, however, it opens another 24-hour customer service window in which you can send free form messages).

* * *

## **Rates**

Rates vary based on conversation category and country/region rate. You can download the rate card below [bottom of this] that corresponds to your WhatsApp Business Account's currency to see our rates by country/region for each conversation category.

These rates apply for any conversation opened on or after June 1, 2023 at 12:00 AM, based on WhatsApp Business Account time zone.

Market| Currency| Marketing| Utility| Service  
---|---|---|---|---  
Argentina| $US| 0.0649| 0.0357| 0.0332  
Brazil| $US| 0.0656| 0.0084| 0.0315  
Chile| $US| 0.0933| 0.0210| 0.0477  
Colombia| $US| 0.0131| 0.0002| 0.0063  
Egypt| $US| 0.1127| 0.0055| 0.0676  
France| $US| 0.1504| 0.0315| 0.0902  
Germany| $US| 0.1433| 0.0578| 0.0860  
India| $US| 0.0112| 0.0015| 0.0042  
Indonesia| $US| 0.0432| 0.0210| 0.0200  
Israel| $US| 0.0371| 0.0056| 0.0189  
Italy| $US| 0.0726| 0.0315| 0.0405  
Malaysia| $US| 0.0903| 0.0147| 0.0231  
Mexico| $US| 0.0458| 0.0105| 0.0110  
Netherlands| $US| 0.1677| 0.0525| 0.0936  
Nigeria| $US| 0.0542| 0.0070| 0.0326  
Pakistan| $US| 0.0497| 0.0057| 0.0149  
Peru| $US| 0.0738| 0.0210| 0.0188  
Russia| $US| 0.0842| 0.0420| 0.0418  
Saudi Arabia| $US| 0.0478| 0.0121| 0.0205  
South Africa| $US| 0.0398| 0.0080| 0.0176  
Spain| $US| 0.0646| 0.0210| 0.0387  
Turkey| $US| 0.0114| 0.0056| 0.0032  
United Arab Emirates| $US| 0.0403| 0.0165| 0.0200  
United Kingdom| $US| 0.0555| 0.0231| 0.0407  
North America| $US| 0.0263| 0.0042| 0.0092  
Rest of Africa| $US| 0.0236| 0.0064| 0.0092  
Rest of Asia Pacific| $US| 0.0769| 0.0165| 0.0235  
Rest of Central & Eastern Europe| $US| 0.0903| 0.0371| 0.0263  
Rest of Latin America| $US| 0.0777| 0.0119| 0.0444  
Rest of Middle East| $US| 0.0358| 0.0165| 0.0229  
Rest of Western Europe| $US| 0.0622| 0.0315| 0.0417  
Other| $US| 0.0634| 0.0081| 0.0152  

    The rates in the CSV file include a 5% Stripe payment processing fee charged to the agency. This explains any difference you might notice compared to the rates listed on Meta.

* * *

## **Rebilling WhatsApp Messages**

The prices you see on the reselling tab is the base rate for marketing templates in the UK. However, the final cost for your client might be different due to two factors:

  * Conversation Category: The type of conversation the template is used for may affect the price.
  * Country/Region Rate: Depending on where the WhatsApp message is being sent

### **Applying the Pricing Multiplier**

Any multiplier you set will be applied to all these base prices. This multiplier acts like a percentage increase. For example, if you set a multiplier of 1.5X (which is equivalent to a 150% increase), all prices will be multiplied by 1.5 before charging your client.

### **Example**

If the multiple is set to 1.5X, and if your customer sends a Marketing template to a US phone number the pricing charged to your customer will be as follows

$0.0263 x 1.5X = $0.0395

This means the client will pay $0.0395 for that template.

    By default the multiplier is set to 1.05X, this is to ensure the payment processing charges are taken into account when charging the location

* * *

## **How does the billing work?**

When your client purchases WhatsApp it creates 2 subscriptions in the System

  1. Between your client's card & your Stripe Account so you can collect payment from your clients
  2. Between HighLevel & your Stripe account, you pay $10/month/location to HighLevel   

  3. The monthly charge gets you free inbound and outbound messages. When the lead sends an inbound text it gives you a 24-hour window when you can text them back. The window keeps extending with every message. 
  4. If you need to do outreach or if it's been more than 24 hours you will need to use a campaign/template message which is charged. That opens the conversation up for 24 hour window which again keeps extending with every message  

  5. All the outbound template messages will be charged to the location and agency based on the Country the message is sent to and the type of Template [Marketing, Utility, Authentication and Services] used. Attached is the list for reference.

* * *

## **Frequently Asked Questions**

### **Q. What is the free tier for conversations?**

Each WhatsApp Business Account gets 1,000 free service conversations per month across all business phone numbers. Marketing, utility, and authentication conversations are not included in the free tier.

### **Q: What is conversation-based pricing?**

Conversation-based pricing charges businesses per conversation, rather than per individual message sent or received.

####   

### **Q: How long does a conversation last?**

A conversation lasts for 24 hours from the time the first message in that conversation is delivered.

### **Q: What are the different conversation categories?**

  * **Marketing:** Used for promotions, new product announcements, and retargeting.
  * **Utility:** Used for order updates, delivery confirmations, account updates, and surveys.
  * **Authentication:** Used for verifying users with one-time passcodes.
  * **Service:** Used for resolving customer inquiries.

### **Q: How are conversations opened?**

  * **Marketing, Utility, and Authentication Conversations:** Opened when a template message of the respective category is sent and delivered to a customer, provided no open conversation of that category exists.
  * **Service Conversations:** Opened when a free-form message is sent and delivered to a customer, provided no other conversation is open.

### **Q: Can multiple conversations be open with the same customer?**

Yes, multiple conversations can be open if:

  * A new template message of a different category is sent within 24 hours.
  * A service conversation exists, and a template message is sent within 24 hours.

### **Q: What is a customer service window?**

A customer service window opens when a customer messages you, allowing you to send free-form messages for 24 hours.  

### **Q: What is a free entry point conversation?**

A free entry point conversation is initiated when a customer messages you via a Click to WhatsApp Ad or Facebook Page Call-to-Action button and you respond within 24 hours. It lasts for 72 hours and allows sending any type of message without additional charges.

### **Q: What happens if I send templates of different categories in the same 24-hour conversation window?**** **

Any time a template message is delivered, it will result in a conversation  charge unless it is sent in a conversation of the same category. For example, if  a utility template is delivered during a service conversation, it will open a  separate utility conversation open for 24 hours from the time the utility  template is delivered.  If a utility template is delivered during an open utility conversation, it will not open  a new utility conversation or create a new charge. Below are several  examples to illustrate how conversation charges work.

Attachments (1)

[ csv WhatsApp Con....csv  
1.44 KB ](/helpdesk/attachments/155022686822)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)

## You may like to read -

  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)
  * [WhatsApp Coexistence Feature - Closed Beta](/support/solutions/articles/155000003417-whatsapp-coexistence-feature-closed-beta)
  * [Maximizing Customer Engagement with Reviews AI: A Guide to Suggestive and Auto-Pilot Modes](/support/solutions/articles/155000001074-maximizing-customer-engagement-with-reviews-ai-a-guide-to-suggestive-and-auto-pilot-modes)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
