Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Custom Widgets](/support/solutions/folders/155000000192)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Custom Widgets](/support/solutions/folders/155000000192)
  6. Customizing a widget

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Customizing a widget

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 4:58 AM

Revamp your widgets with the power to modify conditions, experiment with chart types, introduce fresh filters, and much more. Unleash your creativity and transform your data into captivating insights!

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Step 1: Choose the widget
    * Step 2: Configure the widget settings
    * Step 3: Add Conditions
    * Step 4: Save Changes

[](https://www.loom.com/share/3056bf5edb464e62a5f313b1d9af4963)

[Customizing Widgets in the Platform - Watch Video](https://www.loom.com/share/3056bf5edb464e62a5f313b1d9af4963)

[](https://www.loom.com/share/3056bf5edb464e62a5f313b1d9af4963)

* * *

### **Step 1: Choose the widget**

  * Start by choosing a widget from the widget list.  

  * Under the "ALL" filter, the default chart type is automatically selected for each widget.  

  * You can change the chart type by clicking on the chart icon.  

### **Step 2: Configure the widget settings**

  * Head to the "Configure" tab to further customize the widget:
    * **Title** : Change the widget's title according to your conditions. A clear title makes it easier for you and your team to understand.  

    * **Metrics** : Switch data points for your widget  

    * **Group** : Define how your results are grouped in a Donut chart.  

    * **View by** : Pick the secondary dimension for line, bar and horizontal bar chart types  

    * **Breakdown** : Modify the frequency of the time period.  

    * **Date Property** : Adjust the date property for fetching results(for example Created Date or Updated Date)  

    * **Date Range Override** : Override the date range for the widget for the selected date property(by default, it uses the global date range from the dashboard).  

    * **Order** : Alter the order of results (ascending or descending).  

    * **Limit :** Set a limit to simplify the displayed results.
    * **Comparison date property :  **Adds comparison percentage on widget
  * Advanced settings are supplementary configurations that offer extra personalization options for your widget. These settings are not mandatory for creating a widget but can enhance its customization.  

### **Step 3: Add Conditions**

  * Under the "Conditions" tab, apply various filters using AND or OR conditions. Here's how:
    * Click "ADD CONDITION" to add a filter and choose the condition from the dropdown.  

    * Set the operator and parameters for the filter.  

    * You can add or delete conditions as needed.  

  * Note that if there's no data found for a specific filter, you won't be able to save the widget without either deleting that filter from the condition or changing it.  

### **Step 4: Save Changes**

  * After making all the required changes, click the "Save" button.  

  * The widget will be updated on your dashboard. You can resize and reposition it as desired. Remember to click "Save Changes" once you're content with the widget's position and size.  

* * *

    Multiple custom dashboards, widgets and custom reports are available for the $297 and $497+ plans.

* * *

## **What's Next:**

  * [Edit widgets on the dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001208)
  * [Removing a widget](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001211)
  * [Resize widgets](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001209)

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Adding a widget to the dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001206-adding-a-widget-to-the-dashboard)
  * [Customizing a widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000001207-customizing-a-widget)
  * [Edit widgets on the dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001208-edit-widgets-on-the-dashboard)
  * [Resize widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000001209-resize-widgets)

## You may like to read -

  * [Adding a widget to the dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001206-adding-a-widget-to-the-dashboard)
  * [Rearrange widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000001210-rearrange-widgets)
  * [Resize widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000001209-resize-widgets)
  * [Removing a widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000001211-removing-a-widget)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
