Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. Setup abandoned cart Email notifications

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Setup abandoned cart Email notifications

Modified on: Thu, 27 Jun, 2024 at 6:15 AM

To setup an email for abandoned cart notifications, store owners can configure it as follows:

### **Step 1: Create a New Email Template**

This can be accessed in: _Marketing > Emails > Email Templates > "New" CTA. _You can create from a Blank template or from a existing Template. 

### **Step 2: Add Shopping Cart element to your email template**

In the Add element section, drag and drop shopping cart element to the email template. This will populate the abandoned cart items in this section.

###   

### **Step 3: Add text to your Email**

Custom values can also be added to the Email template where data will auto-populate. Post adding the details, save the email template.

###   

### **Step 4: Choose the email saved template and apply**

The last step is choosing the email template for sending the notifications. This can be implemented via: _Payments > Notifications > Email Template > Choose the template. _Also, setup the time duration after which the buyers receive the notifications.

Reference A

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Automatic abandoned cart checkout emails for online store](/support/solutions/articles/155000001718-automatic-abandoned-cart-checkout-emails-for-online-store)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Abandoned Checkout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002618-workflow-trigger-abandoned-checkout)
  * [Workflow Action - Go To](/support/solutions/articles/155000003377-workflow-action-go-to)
  * [How To Use Shopify Variables](/support/solutions/articles/48001203898-how-to-use-shopify-variables)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
