Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. Payment Links

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Payment Links

Modified on: Fri, 29 Mar, 2024 at 4:57 PM

Payment links are a great way to sell products and or services without the need of a website. Create a full payment page in just a few clicks and share the link with your customers—no code required!

> **Note:  **Before you can create a Payment Link, you must first create a Product. To create a Product, go to Payments > Products > Create Product. Any images saved to the product will automatically display in the Payment Link

##   

## How To Create A Payment Link

1\. Navigate to Payments > Payment Links > Create Link

2\. Give your Payment Link a Name at the top of the screen

3\. Select a Product then select its Price

4\. Configure Optional settings and click Save

5\. Click Preview then copy the link from your browser and send to recipient

## Additional Information:

  * You can pre-populate the First Name, Last Name, Email, and Phone Fields with the following URL parameters:
    * firstName=
    * lastName=
    * email=
    * phone=
  * You can also automatically redirect users post-purchase (including a countdown timer for the redirect) with the following URL parameters:
    * redirectIn=
    * redirectUrl=

Example URL: [links.fastpayments.co/payment-link/asfkhwel93/firstName=Bob&lastName=Smith&email=bobsmith@gmail.com&phone=2155554545&redirectIn=8&redirectUrl=mysite](mailto:links.fastpayments.co/payment-link/asfkhwel93/firstName=Bob&lastName=Smith&email=bobsmith@gmail.com&phone=2155554545&redirectIn=8&redirectUrl=mysite).com/thank-you

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to send personalized payment links to multiple contacts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002666-how-to-send-personalized-payment-links-to-multiple-contacts-)
  * [How to Set Up Automatic Taxes for Fast Payment Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000003070-how-to-set-up-automatic-taxes-for-fast-payment-links)
  * [Manage payment methods displayed with Stripe integration](/support/solutions/articles/155000002377-manage-payment-methods-displayed-with-stripe-integration)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
