Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Workflow Action - GPT Powered by OpenAI

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Action - GPT Powered by OpenAI

Modified on: Mon, 9 Sep, 2024 at 4:52 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * Action Details
  * Example

##   

## Overview

The action that simplifies your business operations. It's built on advanced AI, handling complex tasks swiftly and efficiently. Say goodbye to tedious manual processes and hello to a whole new era of streamlined workflows with Workflow AI Action.

## Action Name

GPT Powered by OpenAI

## Action Description

Workflow AI is a revolutionary workflow action that harnesses the power of artificial intelligence to enhance your business automation strategies. It integrates seamlessly with your CRM, responding intelligently to various triggers and actions to streamline your workflows. Utilizing advanced AI like GPT-4, this action generates dynamic and contextually aware responses, enriching your communication processes. It interoperates with various platforms, from social media to e-commerce and learning management systems, enabling diverse applications. Workflow AI also supports intricate data formatting and computations, further ensuring precision and efficiency in your operations. As a workflow action, Workflow AI empowers your business to be more proactive, responsive, and adaptable.

## Action Details

### **Select Model**

Select from below mentioned models

  * GPT 4 Turbo
  * GPT 4o
  * GPT 4o mini

Users will be able to select from a "Model" to select from. By default GPT 4o will be selected but the users will have the option to select GPT 3.5 Turbo from the dropdown.

### **  
**

### **Select Model**

Select Action type to get pre populated prompts. If you have your use case in the available options then you will not have to write a prompt and you can directly use the auto populated prompt or you can move forward with custom to write your own prompt.

  * Analyze Text Sentiment
  * Summarize Text
  * Transalte Content

## 

##   

## Example

Send Product recommendation to a customer who had bought something from you.

**Scenario:** A contact has brought a product from you and you want to thank them and share a list of recommended products.

**Trigger Setup:**

  * **Trigger:** Order Place
  * **Name:** Order Placed

**Workflow Actions:**

  1. **GPT Powered by OpenAI:** Prepare an email using the customer name and product information.
  2. **Email:  **Send the email to the customer thanking them and suggesting additional products to buy

**Outcome:** This automation helps you to maintain a good relation with the customer by sending them a thank you email and in addition to that create opportunities by pitching them additional products.

****

**  
**

****  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - GPT History](/support/solutions/articles/155000003381-workflow-action-gpt-history)
  * [Facebook comments + Workflow AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000002351-facebook-comments-workflow-ai)
  * [History for GPT actions (AI Memory Key)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003026-history-for-gpt-actions-ai-memory-key-)
  * [GPT 4 Models - Workflow AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000002331-gpt-4-models-workflow-ai)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
