Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  6. How to set a Default Dashboard

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to set a Default Dashboard

Modified on: Wed, 1 May, 2024 at 8:17 AM

### **More Tutorials from the Community**

<https://youtu.be/rzopBrlQfqU>

<https://youtu.be/k9tSU55utGQ>

<https://youtu.be/SSzrf7onAv8>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRC_Sc_WKHs>

Default Dashboards are your key to streamlining collaboration and ensuring that your team stays aligned with the most critical insights at all times. The default dashboard becomes the first thing your team members see when they navigate to the dashboard section, ensuring instant access to essential insights and metrics.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

      * Step 1: Navigate to the Dashboard
      * Step 2: Click on the three-dot menu located in the top right corner of the dashboard.
      * Step 3: Set as Default Dashboard
      * Step 4: Confirm
  * Important Notes

* * *

### **Step 1: Navigate to the Dashboard**

  * Navigate to the dashboard you want to set as the default. This could be your main dashboard containing the most important metrics for your team.  

### **Step 2: Click on the three-dot menu located in the top right corner of the dashboard.**

  * 

### **Step 3: Set as Default Dashboard**

  * 

### **Step 4: Confirm**

* * *

# Important Notes

  1. **Permissions Required:  **Only users with **Account Admin** or **Agency** Roles with **FULL** access to a Dashboard can set default dashboards. To learn more about Dashboard Permissions, [click here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001532-how-to-manage-permissions-for-a-dashboard)!
  2. **Viewing Permissions:  **All team members must have at least **VIEW** permission for the dashboard to be set as default.
  3. **Non-Deletable Default Dashboards:** Once set as default, a dashboard cannot be deleted until another default dashboard is assigned.
  4. **Distinguishing Default and Pinned Dashboards:** Default dashboards serve as the primary landing page for all users, while pinned dashboards are personal favorites that individual users can access quickly.

* * *

    **Important**
    
    If you are experiencing issues with your default dashboard being changed after this release, you can revert it back by following the above instructions.Please note that existing dashboards and widgets are not affected. We identified a bug post-release, but the patch has been deployed to address it. If you are still facing any issue, please reach out to our support team.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Dashboard: Opportunities, Pipeline Value, Conversion Rate, Funnel, Stages Distribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001152117-dashboard-opportunities-pipeline-value-conversion-rate-funnel-stages-distribution)
  * [Dashboard Funnel chart opportunities explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181826-dashboard-funnel-chart-opportunities-explained)
  * [Lead source report explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181830-lead-source-report-explained)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to manage permissions for a dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001532-how-to-manage-permissions-for-a-dashboard)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)
  * [How to create multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001531-how-to-create-multiple-dashboards)
  * [How to Edit a dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001536-how-to-edit-a-dashboard)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
