Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. Payment in Forms (Including Donations)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Payment in Forms (Including Donations)

Modified on: Tue, 14 May, 2024 at 10:07 AM

### More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/x0YVga4F6fA>

<https://youtu.be/K-4H3AILlUU>

<https://youtu.be/QZ0WXKpTHIM>

<https://youtu.be/GK3sFbmTnTk>

Payment element in Forms makes collecting donations and user-defined amounts possible. Now, you can find it under the "Integrations" section in the Add Element in form builder, giving you the ability to seamlessly integrate payment functionality right into your forms and take the user experience up a notch. 

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Suggest an Amount Customization
  * User-Defined Amount
  * Tracking Payments
  * Email Notifications
  * Important points to note

* * *

## Suggest an Amount Customization

Now you can collect payments by suggesting amount in your choice of currency. Following are the key points:

  * Provide up to 15 suggested amounts.
  * Select currency from the dropdown provided.
  * Enable the "Other Amount" option.
  * Customize how the tag looks if user selects an amount can be defined from active tag.
  * Styles of amount tags will match the styling for Labels for fields.

## User-Defined Amount

You can turn off Suggest an amount and User Defined amount is automatically enabled. Placeholder is also there to put the placeholder text for the payments field.

## Tracking Payments

  1. Payment amount and related information included in form submission details.
  2. Transaction details accessible under the "Transactions" section under Payments.
  3. Export payment details using export options.
  4. Status is also shown whether payment is success or in pending state.

## Email Notifications

  * You can use autoresponders and email notification with the form in which payment is enabled. Email notifications reflect payment status and amount as well.

## Important points to note

  * NMI and Authorize.net require the first name as a mandatory field when using the Payment element.
  * Refund amounts are not captured at this time.
  * The old API-based Stripe connect method is not supported.
  * In Calendars with custom form payment elements, the Payment element will not display.
  * Multi payments with multi-native forms are not supported in funnels yet.
  * Undo/Redo is not supported with the Payment element yet.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use Products in Payment Element in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002546-how-to-use-products-in-payment-element-in-forms)
  * [Selling products on order forms with available payment providers](/support/solutions/articles/155000000559-selling-products-on-order-forms-with-available-payment-providers)
  * [How to Use BNPL in Order Forms and Payment Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000003224-how-to-use-bnpl-in-order-forms-and-payment-links)
  * [How to Automatically Calculate Sales Tax Based on Location](/support/solutions/articles/155000003066-how-to-automatically-calculate-sales-tax-based-on-location)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
