Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000574)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000574)
  6. Microsoft Outlook - How to Integrate Outlook with HighLev...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Microsoft Outlook - How to Integrate Outlook with HighLevel Calendars

Modified on: Mon, 29 Jul, 2024 at 1:51 PM

**In This Article**

  * Overview
  * Prerequisites
  * Getting Started
  * Step 1: How to Connect Outlook Calendar?
  * Step 2: Calendar Configuration
  * What is Calendar Configuration?
  * Limitations with Outlook Integration
  * FAQs
  * Related Articles

* * *

### **Overview**

Connecting your Outlook Calendar helps you sync your bookings from Outlook Calendar to the system and vice versa. This ensures correct availability, prevents double bookings, and facilitates seamless scheduling and booking management.

* * *

### **Prerequisites**

  1. You need access to your Outlook account associated with the Outlook Calendar you want to connect.
  2. Check if writer's access is required:
     * If you want to add events created in the system to your Outlook Calendar, writer's access is necessary for the calendar.
     * If you simply want to fetch all your events from your Outlook Calendar to the system, read-only access will suffice.

* * *

### **Getting Started**

### **Step 1:  ****How to Connect Outlook Calendar?**

To connect to Outlook Calendar, follow these steps:

1\. Navigate to 'Calendars' > 'Calendar Settings' > 'Connections.'

2\. Click on 'Add New.'

3\. Choose 'Outlook Calendar' and click 'Connect.'

4\. Complete the authentication process by signing into your outlook account and granting the necessary access.

* * *

### **Step 2: Calendar Configuration**

Once your Outlook calendar is successfully connected, you need to complete your calendar configuration by selecting your linked calendar and conflict calendar.

### **What is Calendar Configuration?**

Calendar configuration involves two settings: Linked Calendar & Conflict Calendar.

**Linked Calendar:**

All new events created in the system will be added to your linked calendar. For example, any new event created in the system will sync to your linked calendar, allowing you to view it directly on this third-party calendar (e.g., Outlook).

**_Note:  _**

  * Writer's access is required for the user to select a calendar as a linked calendar. 
  * The linked calendar is by default added to the conflict calendar. This means any event created on the third-party linked calendar will be fetched in the system, and any event created in the system will be pushed to the third-party linked calendar. 
  * You can set your [Sync Preferences](https://gohighlevelassist.freshdesk.com/a/solutions/articles/155000002374?portalId=48000045315) from the Advanced Settings.

**Conflict Calendar:**

Events from third-party calendars added as conflict calendars are synced to the system, blocking your availability for the event's duration. 

The availability is blocked only if the event is marked as 'BUSY' in the third party calendar. For events marked as 'FREE', the events are fetched in the system but the availability remains open. 

This ensures accurate availability and avoids double bookings. You can add multiple calendars to be checked to prevent double bookings. 

* * *

### **Limitations with Outlook Integration**

Each user can connect only one Outlook integration per subaccount, and the same Outlook integration cannot be connected across multiple subaccounts. For instance, if User A has already connected their Outlook integration in Subaccount A, they won't be able to link the same outlook integration in Subaccount B.

* * *

### **FAQs**

  1.  Does Outlook integration work with event calendars?

Answer: No, Outlook integration does not work with event calendars. Event calendars support only Google Integration.

* * *

### **Related Articles**

**[[NEW] Calendar Configuration - Linked Calendar& Conflicts Calendar](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002374)**

**[[NEW] How to Connect Your iCloud Calendar?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002370)**

**[[NEW] How to Connect Your Google Calendar?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002369)**

**[[NEW] How to Connect Zoom?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002372)**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Calendly - How to Integrate Calendly with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002373-calendly-how-to-integrate-calendly-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Google - How to Integrate Google with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002369-google-how-to-integrate-google-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Hide Third-Party Calendar Details](/support/solutions/articles/155000003545-hide-third-party-calendar-details)
  * [How to connect iCloud with Highlevel?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001477-how-to-connect-icloud-with-highlevel-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Re-Integrate Google Calendar for a User](/support/solutions/articles/48001181302-how-to-re-integrate-google-calendar-for-a-user)
  * [How to sync HighLevel Calendars With Outlook](/support/solutions/articles/48001188796-how-to-sync-highlevel-calendars-with-outlook)
  * [Microsoft Teams Integration For Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000003443-microsoft-teams-integration-for-calendars)
  * [Assigning a Primary Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000002263-assigning-a-primary-calendar)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
