Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  6. Granular Permissions for WordPress

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Granular Permissions for WordPress

Modified on: Thu, 3 Oct, 2024 at 2:25 PM

The WordPress team at HighLevel is excited to introduce Granular Permissions for WordPress. Now, agency and sub-account admins can control which team members have access to the WordPress tab, offering enhanced security and streamlined management.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Key Benefits
  * How to Access This Feature

## **Key Benefits:**

  * ## 

Improved Control: Agency/Sub-Account admins can assign WordPress access only to specific team members.

  * Increased Security: Limit who can manage WordPress settings, improving overall data security.

## **How to Access This Feature:**

  1. Go to Agency/Sub-Account Settings.
  2. Select the My Staff/Team tab.
  3. Click Edit next to a specific user.
  4. Under Roles and Permissions, you’ll find the WordPress option.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001199648-getting-started-with-wordpress-client-side-setup-guide)
  * [How to resell WordPress to your clients](/support/solutions/articles/48001199647-how-to-resell-wordpress-to-your-clients)
  * [How to Add Domains in the WordPress Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000002547-how-to-add-domains-in-the-wordpress-dashboard)
  * [WordPress Hosting: Specs, Market Comparison, and New Pricing Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001231366-wordpress-hosting-specs-market-comparison-and-new-pricing-plans)

## You may like to read -

  * [Sub-account | Managing User Roles & Permissions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002544-sub-account-managing-user-roles-permissions)
  * [Agency | Managing user roles & permissions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002543-agency-managing-user-roles-permissions)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
