Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Online Listings](/support/solutions/folders/48000682876)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Online Listings](/support/solutions/folders/48000682876)
  6. Guide: Cancelling Yext Listings for Your Sub-account in GHL

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Guide: Cancelling Yext Listings for Your Sub-account in GHL

Modified on: Wed, 31 Jan, 2024 at 12:33 AM

To reduce the time and effort that goes through in Cancelling Yext Subscriptions, we have made it easier for our users. With the Automated Cancellations, users gain the ability to effortlessly initiate cancellations for Yext listings directly through our platform. This feature helps users to cancel Yext directly from our platform, ensuring an efficient and hassle-free experience. **The Automated Yext Cancellation is only applicable for users who have submitted the Yext form 30 days prior to Cancellation.  **  

**Guide on how to Initiate Yext Cancellations**

  * Step 1: Access the Edit Listings Information Button

  * Step 2: Navigate to Manage Listings Tab

  * Step 3: Confirm by providing the reason for Cancellation

  * What to do when Yext Cancellation Fails? 

* * *

### **Step 1: Access the Edit Listings Information Button**

  * Go to Your Sub-Account and navigate to Reputation Management  -> Listings. In the Listings page click on the Edit Listings Information Button on Top Right.  

### **Step 2: Navigate to Manage Listings Tab**

  * Under the Edit Listings Information page, navigate to Manage Listings tab and click on Cancel Yext Listings on the Bottom Left  

### **Step 3: Confirm by providing the reason for Cancellation**

  * A pop-up opens to confirm the Location details for Cancellation. Once confirmed, proceed to give the valid reason for your Yext Cancellation and Confirm. Your Yext Listings will be automatically cancelled in the backend  

    * You will receive a Pop-up saying the cancellation is Successful as shown below:

## **What to do when Yext Cancellation Fails?**

  * In an event when the Cancellation fails, you will get an error message as shown below. In such cases, please raise a cancellation request with the support team.  
  
**NOTE: YEXT Cancellation is only applicable for those locations, who have submitted the form 30 days prior to initiating the cancellation request**  

# 

* * *

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc](/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc)
  * [How to Resell Yext Listings to Your Clients](/support/solutions/articles/155000001901-how-to-resell-yext-listings-to-your-clients)
  * [How to deploy Yext directly without charging the client?](/support/solutions/articles/48001210774-how-to-deploy-yext-directly-without-charging-the-client-)
  * [How to sell Yext as part of a SaaS Offer](/support/solutions/articles/48001209150-how-to-sell-yext-as-part-of-a-saas-offer)

## You may like to read -

  * [Resolving Yext Canceled or Duplicate States – Step-by-Step Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000002558-resolving-yext-canceled-or-duplicate-states-step-by-step-guide)
  * [How to Resell Yext Listings to Your Clients](/support/solutions/articles/155000001901-how-to-resell-yext-listings-to-your-clients)
  * [How to deploy Yext directly without charging the client?](/support/solutions/articles/48001210774-how-to-deploy-yext-directly-without-charging-the-client-)
  * [Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc](/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
