Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. How to Use Products in Payment Element in Forms

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use Products in Payment Element in Forms

Modified on: Thu, 30 May, 2024 at 2:21 PM

We are excited to introduce new feature Products in Forms to enhance your Forms experience! With this update, users can seamlessly add products to their forms with better customization and layout options.

?

What's New

?

  * Payment Type: Now you have an option to either sell product or collect custom amount from the forms.
  * Ability to select products, include descriptions and images, and choose layouts.
  * Users will also be able to select different variants which are available for the specific product
  * Quantity of product will be respected as per inventory management.
  * Inclusion of tax calculation when someone purchase the product.

?

How to Use

?

  * Under the Integrations, locate the "Payment" element.
  * Drag and drop the payment element onto your form canvas.
  * Connect the payment gateway
  * Toggle between live and test modes.
  * Click on "Add Product" to select from available options.
  * Customize product details, including description, image, and layout.
  * You can customize the look by choosing themes and styling options.
  * Save your changes and preview the form to see the products in action.

??

Key Highlights

??

Customizations:

  * You can add up to 20 products
  * Three different layout options are available.
  * These forms can be easily added in the funnels and can be used as one step order form with unlimited customization.

Tracking payments:

  * Upon form submission, the payment amount, order id and payment status are included in the submission details.
  * On clicking Order ID, users will be able order details.
  * These details can also be exported via export options.

Email Notifications:

Email notifications also reflect the status and amount of payment.

Workflow Trigger:

Payment received trigger can be used with "Forms" as source.

?

Notes:

?

  * Recurring products are not supported right now.
  * NMI and [Authorize.net](http://authorize.net/) requires First Name as mandatory field while having payment element in the form.
  * Refund amount will not be captured right now
  * Old way of API based Stripe connect is not supported.
  * In Calendars with custom form payment element, Payment element will not display.
  * Multi payments with Multi native forms not supported in funnel yet
  * Undo/Redo is not supported with Payment element yet

Examples:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [Trigger - Order Submitted](/support/solutions/articles/155000003535-trigger-order-submitted)
  * [Standard Triggers - Order Submitted](/support/solutions/articles/48001228664-standard-triggers-order-submitted)
  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [How to Create Coupons for Products](/support/solutions/articles/48001224172-how-to-create-coupons-for-products)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
