Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [Get Started w/ AI Employee](/support/solutions/folders/155000000941)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [Get Started w/ AI Employee](/support/solutions/folders/155000000941)
  6. AI Tools in HighLevel

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# AI Tools in HighLevel

Modified on: Wed, 27 Mar, 2024 at 3:44 PM

AI is a big word in our world right now, but what is it and how can you use it in HighLevel? In this document, we'll delve into the various HighLevel AI tools available, how they work, and pro tips for maximizing their effectiveness. Let's get started!

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What is AI?
    * How AI Works
    * Pro Tips for Using AI Effectively
  * AI Tools in High-Level
    * Content AI
    * Reviews AI
    * Conversation AI
    * Workflow AI
      * Should I Use Conversation AI or Workflow AI?
    * Third-Party Tools/Integrations
  * AI Pricing and Rebilling
    * AI Pricing HighLevel
    * Rebilling AI Costs

* * *

# What is AI?

AI, short for Artificial Intelligence, simulates human intelligence in machines to perform tasks that typically require human intelligence. In the context of business, AI offers automation and enhancement of processes, creative assistance, and improved customer experiences.

## How AI Works

AI operates on prompts provided by users. A prompt is the directive or content given to the AI, which then generates a response based on the input. Detailed prompts lead to more accurate and relevant AI responses.

## Pro Tips for Using AI Effectively

As with any tool, there are tips and tricks to help you succeed and fast-track your success.

**Understand AI as a Tool:** Recognize AI's role as a tool that requires understanding and training for optimal use.

**Make Detailed Prompts:** Provide specific and detailed prompts to get precise AI responses tailored to your needs.

**Use AI for Creativity and Research:  **Utilize AI to kickstart the creative process, generate content ideas, and conduct research efficiently.

**Use AI on Auto-Pilot:  **After training and testing, utilizing AI on auto-pilot allows for automated customer responses and business processes. Many of our AI products allow for this, learn more below.

**Practice, Try it Out Now!:  **Most importantly, just practice using different prompts and tools to help improve your business processes and customer interactions.

Go to [Chat GPT](https://chat.openai.com/) and create a free account. Then spend some time practicing! Ask ChatGPT to create something for you. Experiment with different prompts and see what you get. Think about how you can add it to your business processes and customer interactions. 

After practicing, start using it in HighLevel. Then consider how to train your clients how to use it in HighLevel so you can [rebill](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002095-rebilling-reselling-and-wallets-explained) to make a profit from their usage in HighLevel. They will be happy to pay after you show them how it will help their business grow while saving them time!

* * *

# AI Tools in High-Level

Within HighLevel we have several built-in tools to help you utilize AI to grow your business. Let’s review each of them below.

## Content AI

Content AI enables businesses to create content using AI assistance. It can generate social media posts, emails, website headlines, blogs, and more based on user-defined parameters.

**Learn more about Content AI**

  * [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001234826-how-to-enable-and-rebill-content-ai-)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001234826-how-to-enable-and-rebill-content-ai-)[How to Enable and Rebill Content AI?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001234826-how-to-enable-and-rebill-content-ai-)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001234826-how-to-enable-and-rebill-content-ai-)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001234826-how-to-enable-and-rebill-content-ai-)
  * Learn more about [Content AI in **Blogs**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/folders/155000000232)

* * *

  * Learn more about [Content AI in **Social Planner**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/folders/48000690217)

* * *

  * Learn more about [Content AI in the **Email Builder**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/folders/48000690786)

* * *

  * Learn more about [Content AI in **Funnels and Website**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/folders/155000000231)

* * *

## Reviews AI

Automate the management of reviews with Reviews AI, offering suggestions or autopilot responses to customer feedback, thus streamlining reputation management.

**Learn how to enable and use**[** ** Reviews AI: A Guide to Suggestive and Auto-Pilot Modes ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001074-maximizing-customer-engagement-with-reviews-ai-a-guide-to-suggestive-and-auto-pilot-modes)

* * *

## Conversation AI

Conversation AI provides automated chatbot experiences, capable of handling one-off inquiries, FAQs, and appointment scheduling with proper training and context.

**Learn more about Conversation AI**

  * [Enable Conversation AI for your Agency ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001361-enable-conversation-ai-for-your-agency)
  * [Training the Conversation AI Bot ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000996-training-the-conversation-ai-bot)

* * *

## Workflow AI

Workflow AI integrates with ChatGPT within the Workflow builder, allowing for customized automation of complex processes and workflows, albeit requiring technical expertise for setup and fine-tuning.

    **Need to know:** When using Workflow AI it will NOT consider previous conversations or messages unless you add it to the prompt. For example: follow up responses will NOT consider the previous content unless you add in the previous prompt or content you want it to consider.

**Learn more about Workflow AI**

  * [Enable and Rebill Workflow AI ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000169-how-to-enable-and-rebill-workflow-ai-)
  * [How to Configure the Workflow AI Action ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000209-how-to-configure-the-workflow-ai-action-)

* * *

### **Should I Use Conversation AI or Workflow AI?**

Most business owners will prefer Conversation AI as it is easier to use due to its user friendly interface and training features. In contrast, workflow AI offers greater control over prompts but setting it up and improving the responses is a lot more complicated than Conversation AI.

Check out this helpful comparison table to help you understand the differences and choose the best option for you.

**Conversation AI**| **Workflow AI**  
---|---  
  
  * Recommended for most users due to its training and user-friendly interface.  

  * Easier to learn and use.
  * Great for general requests based on trained content.
  * Most closely answers from trained material and prompts only - not considering outside sources that are not trained.

| 

  * Greater control over prompting. However, setup and improvement are more complicated.
  * Harder to learn and use.
  * Good for one-off needs like intent finding or custom specialized flows.
  * Consider all of the internet and the prompt when responding to requests.  

* * *

## Third-Party Tools/Integrations

High-level offers integration with third-party tools developed by external developers, expanding functionality beyond built-in features. These tools can be accessed through the developer app marketplace.

**Learn more about Third Party Tools**

  * Locate 3rd Party Tools in the In-App Developer App Marketplace. Go to the [Agency View > App Marketplace](https://app.gohighlevel.com/integration).
  * To gain access to our developer resources so you developers can create your App Integration with HighLevel, go to <https://developers.gohighlevel.com/>

* * *

# AI Pricing and Rebilling

## AI Pricing HighLevel

AI Tools are available on all plans and are charged based on usage. 

Learn more about all of HighLevel’s Pricing, including AI Pricing, in the [HighLevel Pricing Guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide). Pricing varies between AI products and is subject to change from time to time due to business or industry changes.

Developer Marketplace Apps can be free or paid and are set by external developers. You will find their contact information on the App when choosing to install or manage it.

## Rebilling AI Costs

On the $497 Plan Agencies can rebill the AI usage of Sub-Accounts to their customers at a marked-up price to make the money back for usage. This can even make a marginal profit. To learn how to set up Rebilling, read the setup doc provided below per AI tool. To learn more about check out [Rebilling, Reselling, and Wallets. ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002095-rebilling-reselling-and-wallets-explained)

* * *

**Conclusion**

HighLevel AI tools serve as invaluable assets for businesses, offering automation, creativity, and efficiency in various operations. By understanding how to effectively use these tools and incorporating them into your workflows, you can unlock their full potential to propel your business forward.

Remember to experiment, test, and refine your approaches to maximize the benefits of AI in your business endeavors. Embrace the power of AI to streamline processes, enhance customer experiences, and drive growth.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [AI Tools in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002166-ai-tools-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)
  * [How to Configure the Workflow AI Action?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000209-how-to-configure-the-workflow-ai-action-)
  * [Conversation AI Bot - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000001335-conversation-ai-bot-explained)
  * [Workflow AI Assistant](/support/solutions/articles/155000003970-workflow-ai-assistant)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
