Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. Campaign budget definition: Connect-Your-Own Meta Busines...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Campaign budget definition: Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager

Modified on: Mon, 12 Aug, 2024 at 12:18 PM

In this article, we will be discussing about the budget definition process for an ad campaign in the Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager flow.

* * *

## **Understanding your campaign budget**

Campaign budgets for Facebook Ad campaigns are defined in the second step of the campaign setup flow. Once you enter the average amount that you want to spend on this ad campaign by selecting either daily or lifetime budget and launch your campaign, the amount specified will be charged from the card added to your connected Meta Ad account.

    **Note:  **The currency and timezone which is used by the location will automatically be reflected for the budget definition.

* * *

## **Setting daily budget**

When you define your daily budget, it refers to the daily average amount you wish to use to run this ad campaign. It means that on one day it could be more than defined and on other days it could be less than specified for a period of one week. The start date and time for this campaign will be the instance you publish the campaign on Ad Manager and the ad campaign is sent to Facebook for review.

Example: If you have specified your daily budget to be $1000, on one day Facebook might use $1100 as the campaign running cost and on other days of the weekly billing cycle it could be less than $1000. 

In no way possible, the ad expense charged to you will exceed $7000. To have a detailed understanding on how Daily Budget works in Facebook, refer: 

[https://www.facebook.com/business/help/190490051321426?id=629338044106215](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/190490051321426?id=629338044106215)

####   

### **How to set daily budget for a campaign:**

  1. ###  Go to New Campaign

  2. Navigate to**  Budget and Audience**(Step 2) in the campaign setup flow.
    
        **Note:**  If you haven't started setting up your campaign you need to follow the setup steps before you can choose a budget.

  3. In the Budget section, have the Daily toggle selected and enter the amount you wish to set as your daily ad budget.  

  4. User can add other details of Ad Campaign.
  5. Click **Next** at the bottom to review your ad and budget.  

    **Please Note:  **

  1.     The daily budget amount of a campaign can be edited when the campaign is in 'Paused', 'Failed' or 'Draft' state. Once Published' or 'In Review', the budget amount cannot be altered.

  2.     User cannot toggle between Daily to Lifetime or vice versa when a campaign is in 'Paused', 'Published' or 'In Review' state.

* * *

## **Setting lifetime budget**

Lifetime budget refers to the amount user is willing to spend over the entire period of an ad campaign. It can be useful if you don't want to exceed a certain amount of overall spend, and work best if you have flexibility on how much you want to spend each day.

### **How to set lifetime budget for a campaign:  
**

  1. Go to New Campaign
  2. Navigate to**  Budget and Audience**(Step 2) in the campaign setup flow.
    
        **Note:**  If you haven't started setting up your campaign you need to follow the setup steps before you can choose a budget.

  3. In the Budget section, have the Lifetime toggle selected and enter the amount you wish to set as your lifetime ad budget.
  4. Use the date and time picker to select the start and end date of the ad campaign, the amount specified will be spread across this time period to be used as ad spend. The start and end date-time of campaign will be specified in the budget section in the local timezone of the user.  

  5. User can add other details of Ad Campaign. 
  6. Click **Next** at the bottom to review your ad and budget.  

    **Please Note:  **

  1.     The lifetime budget amount of a campaign can be edited when the campaign is in 'Paused', 'Failed' or 'Draft' state. Once Published' or 'In Review', the budget amount cannot be altered.

  2.     User cannot toggle between Daily to Lifetime or vice versa when a campaign is in 'Paused', 'Published' or 'In Review' state.

  3.     The start and end date-time cannot be edited for 'Published' and 'In Review' status campaigns. Although the ones in 'Draft' and 'Failed' state can have their start and end date-time altered.

  4.     The end date-time of a 'Paused' campaign can be edited but it's start date-time cannot be edited.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [Ad Manager pricing plans: Key points and differences](/support/solutions/articles/155000003501-ad-manager-pricing-plans-key-points-and-differences)
  * [Connect Facebook with Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003044-connect-facebook-with-ad-manager)
  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
