Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  6. How to use LeadConnector/Twilio phone number for WhatsApp...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to use LeadConnector/Twilio phone number for WhatsApp Business Account 

Modified on: Thu, 4 Jul, 2024 at 2:16 AM

* * *

**In this article, we will discuss how you can use LeadConnector/Twillio Phone number to register for WhatsApp business account**

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Pre-requisites for WhatsApp Setup
    * Connect your Agency Stripe Account
    * Setting Up Reselling
    * Facebook Business Account
  * How to use LC/Twillio Number to connect with WhatsApp business account 
  * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Question: Can I use an LC/Twilio number on WhatsApp even if my A2P 10DLC registration is incomplete?
      * Answer: Yes, you can use the number to register on WhatsApp. However, it is highly recommended that you complete the A2P 10DLC registration for better compliance and reliability.
    * Question: How do I set up call forwarding on my LC/Twilio number for WhatsApp verification?
      * Answer: After purchasing the phone number from HighLevel, go to Phone Numbers > Click Add Number > Select the number and proceed to buy. Then, set up call forwarding to your number to ensure you receive the verification code during WhatsApp registration.
    * Question: I received an error message stating that the number is registered to an existing WhatsApp account. What should I do next?
    * Question: I am getting Message Undeliverable error

* * *

# Pre-requisites for WhatsApp Setup

## Connect your Agency Stripe Account

Your agency Stripe account will be used to collect subscription payments for WhatsApp from your clients. You can connect your agency Stripe account to your agency by following this helpful article: [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)[How to Connect Stripe to Agency.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)

Note: You can also [Direct Deploy WhatsApp](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices#Direct-Deployment-\(Skipping-Rebilling\)) if you do not have a Stripe connected. However, this will charge your agency Card on file, skipping the reselling feature.

## Setting Up Reselling

In the reselling tab of agency settings, you can offer WhatsApp and set your pricing for subaccounts. This allows you to charge your clients a markup while HighLevel bills you at a fixed rate. When a client wants to, they can then purchase WhatsApp at this marked-up price. Allowing you to recoup the HighLevel price we charge you and then make a profit every month.

## Facebook Business Account

When setting up WhatsApp within a subaccount, you'll need a Facebook Meta business account and a WhatsApp Business profile. Follow the prompts to link accounts and fill in business information. 

    You will need a [Facebook Account](https://www.facebook.com/signup) and a [Facebook Meta Business Account](https://business.facebook.com/). (Learn what a Meta Business Account is [here](https://www.facebook.com/business/tools/meta-business-suite).)

We will also utilize a "WhatsApp Business Account" and a "WhatsApp Business Profile", if you do not have one, this is completely normal, the process outlined below will create one for you if you do not have one to select.

# How to use LC/Twillio Number to connect with WhatsApp business account 

You can use LC/Twillio phone numbers as a WhatsApp business number. You will have to set up call forwarding on the phone number you purchased from HighLevel, post that you can add that number on WhatsApp, the verification code will sent to you on the forwarded number via a phone call

Step 1: Go to **Phone Numbers** > Click**  Add Number **> Select the number and **P****roceed to Buy**

****  

Step 2: Set up Call Forwarding to your number

     This especially required if the phone number you bought only has voice capabilities, since the Meta will be sending an OTP at the time of WhatsApp Registration. Ensure that you have access to the forwarding number

Step 3: Go to Settings > WhatsApp > Buy WhatsApp

Step 4: Click on **Signup with Facebook**

**  
**

****

**Step 5: Login to Facebook Account**

****  

Step 6: Click on Get stared

****

Step 7: Fill in your business information > Select Business Portfolio > Enter Business Name > Add website or profile page > Select Country

Step 8: Create or Select your WhatsApp Business account

Step 9: Create a WhatsApp business profile > Enter WhatsApp business account name > Enter WhatsApp business display name > Enter Category

Step 10: Enter the LC/Twillio Phone Number

    Select Verification as Phone if your number only has calling capabilities, ensure that you have enabled call forwarding. If your number has SMS capabilities then choose SMS

If you selected SMS, you will get the code from Meta under conversation on LeadConnector app

Step 11: Enter the code received on call/SMS 

Step 12: Review Permission

Step 13: The WhatsApp integration is complete and now you are ready to chat with people on WhatsApp 

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

## **Question: Can I use an LC/Twilio number on WhatsApp even if my A2P 10DLC registration is incomplete?**

### **Answer:** Yes, you can use the number to register on WhatsApp. However, it is highly recommended that you complete the A2P 10DLC registration for better compliance and reliability.

## **Question: How do I set up call forwarding on my LC/Twilio number for WhatsApp verification?**

### **Answer:** After purchasing the phone number from HighLevel, go to Phone Numbers > Click Add Number > Select the number and proceed to buy. Then, set up call forwarding to your number to ensure you receive the verification code during WhatsApp registration.

## **Question: I received an error message stating that the number is registered to an existing WhatsApp account. What should I do next?**

**Answer:**

This error usually occurs in two situations:

  1. **Active WhatsApp Account on Your Mobile Device:**  
If you currently have an active WhatsApp account on your mobile device, you need to delete that account to connect with the chat account. Follow these steps:
     * Open the WhatsApp app.
     * Navigate to Settings > Account > Delete my account.
     * _Note:_ After integration, you will not be able to use WhatsApp on your phone, and your previous conversation history and contacts will not be migrated
     * [Learn More on how to Migrate an Existing WhatsApp Number to a Business Account](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/cloud-api/get-started/migrate-existing-whatsapp-number-to-a-business-account)
  2. **WhatsApp Number Connected to Another Provider:**  
If your WhatsApp number is linked to another provider, you need to create a new WABA account and migrate your number to the new WABA account

## **Question: I am getting Message Undeliverable error**

### **Answer:**

Reasons can include:

  * The recipient phone number is not a WhatsApp phone number.
  * Sending an authentication template to a WhatsApp user who has a +91 country calling code (India). Authentication templates currently cannot be sent to WhatsApp users in India.
  * The message was not delivered to create a high quality user experience. See [Per-User Marketing Template Message Limits](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/cloud-api/guides/send-message-templates#per-user-marketing-template-message-limits).

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)

## You may like to read -

  * [WhatsApp FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002698-whatsapp-faqs)
  * [WhatsApp Coexistence Feature - Closed Beta](/support/solutions/articles/155000003417-whatsapp-coexistence-feature-closed-beta)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
