Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Action - Drip

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Drip

Modified on: Tue, 28 Nov, 2023 at 10:44 AM

### More Tutorials From the Community

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfJIhU6j2f8>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIYbj73SCCY>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0mF5Bheqow>

Drip action is used to limit or prevent a high number of executions simultaneously. Set the batch size and enter the next step in a predetermined number for the given interval.

**INTERNAL TOOLS**

**CONFIGURATION**

### **Batch Size**

Batch size can be set to a minimum of one and a maximum of ten thousand per batch.

### **Drip Interval**

Drip interval can be set in minutes/hours/days ranging from one minute to seven days

### **Example**

Say, 10k contacts enters a workflow, or 5k contacts proceeds from the wait step to the next step. To control the high number of execution you can set a batch size of 50 and an interval of 10 minutes to allow 50 contacts to proceed to the next step every 10 minutes.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Drip](/support/solutions/articles/155000003360-workflow-action-drip)
  * [Bulk Actions For Contacts & SmartLists](/support/solutions/articles/48001167703-bulk-actions-for-contacts-smartlists)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)
  * [Bulk Send SMS via Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003859-bulk-send-sms-via-contacts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
