Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  6. Remediate 'Spam Likely' on your Caller ID using F...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Remediate 'Spam Likely' on your Caller ID using Free Caller Registry

Modified on: Thu, 25 Jul, 2024 at 5:10 AM

In this article, we will learn how we can increase our call answer rates by remediating 'spam likely' / 'potential spam' / 'scam likely' on the caller ID in the US (US only).

If the phone number flagged as 'spam likely' is relatively new or not critical to your business or has a FTC complaint, we recommend trashing the phone number and getting a new one. It's faster, easier and more convenient for you as compared to remediating the 'spam likely' tag.

If the phone number flagged as 'spam likely' is important to you and you can't replace it with a new one, we recommend registering on [Free Caller Registry](https://www.freecallerregistry.com/fcr/).

# What is Free Caller Registry?

Carriers like AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon use analytics engines to generate and maintain spam scores for caller IDs. These 3 carriers have different analytics engines. All the 3 analytics engines partnered to create Free Caller Registry where you can submit a single request and all of them will re-consider the 'spam likely' tag on your caller ID.

# How to submit a request on Free Caller Registry?

  1. Go to [Free Caller Registry](https://www.freecallerregistry.com/fcr/#submitform)
  2. Click on 'Register Here'
  3. Fill out this information to the best of your knowledge 
  4. The recommended values for some fields have been shown in the screenshot above. They're also listed below:
    1. Display name (beside Phone Number): blank
    2. I believe my calls are: Other
    3. Service Providers: Twilio
    4. Please provide further information if you have received specific feedback ... : blank
  5. Click 'Submit'

Within 4 business days, the spam flag should be removed. If it is NOT, then you can re-submit this on Free Caller Registry or try submitting it directly on the 3 analytics engines. Their links are stated below:

  1. Hiya (AT&T): <https://hiyahelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=824667>
  2. First Orion (T-Mobile): <https://firstorion.com/register-your-number/>
  3. Transaction Network Services (Verizon): <https://reportarobocall.com/trf/>

# Frequently Asked Questions

How much time does this usually take?

Usually around 4 business days for all 3 analytics engines.

How many times can I submit this?

As many times as you want. No limits at all.

How much does a submission cost?

It's free of cost.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Call Events Not Working for Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981465-call-events-not-working-for-twilio)
  * [Geo Permissions Issues with Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981435-geo-permissions-issues-with-twilio)
  * [Purchase Twilio Number - "Please Select Bundle/Address to Purchase Number"](/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-bundle-address-to-purchase-number-)
  * [Phone Call Redirect Loop](/support/solutions/articles/48001076653-phone-call-redirect-loop)

## You may like to read -

  * [How To Reduce 'Spam Likely' by Registering your Numbers on Free Caller Registry](/support/solutions/articles/155000001557-how-to-reduce-spam-likely-by-registering-your-numbers-on-free-caller-registry)
  * [Recommendations and Best Practices for Maintaining a Positive Caller Reputation](/support/solutions/articles/155000002944-recommendations-and-best-practices-for-maintaining-a-positive-caller-reputation)
  * [Why are my Calls marked as Spam, and how can I avoid it (LC Phone)](/support/solutions/articles/48001231665-why-are-my-calls-marked-as-spam-and-how-can-i-avoid-it-lc-phone-)
  * [How to Set Up Verified Caller ID (Use your number for Voice Calls)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003232-how-to-set-up-verified-caller-id-use-your-number-for-voice-calls-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
