Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. Source Field in Forms and Surveys

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Source Field in Forms and Surveys

Modified on: Tue, 28 Nov, 2023 at 11:32 PM

The Source Field in forms and surveys is a crucial element that helps you gather information about the origin or channel through which respondents accessed your form. Understanding the source of your responses can provide valuable insights into the effectiveness of your marketing efforts, advertising campaigns, or overall outreach strategy.

**In This Article**

  * Adding the source element
  * Usecase of this field
  * Other usecase of this field

* * *

## Adding the source element

You can find the element under Quick Add. You can drag and drop the field in the form. On the right side, you can enter the value in the source field. We have entered the value as "sample lead source". This field will be hidden and won't be shown to the users.

## Usecase of this field

After the form submission, you can see the value under source as shown below.

This will also be shown under contacts as Contact Source.

##   

## Other usecase of this field

You can also pass this field as query parameter.

For example:

<https://link.gohighlevel.com/widget/form/WKEnUOXEz9J3cpcQyc1M?source=alternative_source>

Here you can pass any source by adding [?source=alternative_source](https://link.gohighlevel.com/widget/form/WKEnUOXEz9J3cpcQyc1M?source=alternative_source) in the form/survey link. 

This will override with the value provided inside the form builder and the submission will include source as alternative source instead of sample lead source.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to track leads from an Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003643-how-to-track-leads-from-an-affiliate-campaign)
  * [Typeform to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003331-typeform-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Glossary](/support/solutions/articles/48001231169-glossary)
  * [Using the Inline Forms/ Surveys Element in email campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003912-using-the-inline-forms-surveys-element-in-email-campaign)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
