Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Bulk Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000591)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Bulk Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000591)
  6. Importing Contacts and Opportunities via CSV

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Importing Contacts and Opportunities via CSV

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 12:15 PM

The "Import Contacts and Opportunities" feature allows you to efficiently import both contacts and opportunities from a CSV file. You can map fields, create or update records, and monitor the import process seamlessly, ensuring accurate data entry and time-saving for bulk actions.

Do check out the following files before importing both contacts and opportunities: [Import Contacts](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48000982206?portalId=48000045315) and [Import Opportunities.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000002517?portalId=48000045315)

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

      * Step 1: Access Import Option
      * Step 2: Select Objects to Import
      * Step 3: Upload CSV File
      * Step 4: Map fields
      * Step 5: Verify and Import
      * Step 6: Monitor Import Status

* * *

### **Step 1: Access Import Option**

  * Navigate to the **Opportunities** section and click on the **three dots (options menu)**.
  * Choose the **Import** option to begin the process.  

### **Step 2: Select Objects to Import**

  * In the import screen, select both **Contacts** and **Opportunities** as the objects you want to import and click on "Next".

### **Step 3: Upload CSV File**

  * Upload a CSV file containing details for both **Contacts** and **Opportunities**.
  * Decide for each object whether you want to **Create** , **Update** , or **Create & Update **records during the import.
  * If an **Opportunity ID** is provided in the CSV, the opportunity will be updated. If not, a new opportunity will be created.
  * Click on "Next"

    Contact de-duplication settings will be automatically fetched from the global settings and cannot be updated during the import process

**  
**

****

### **Step 4: Map fields**

  * Map fields from the CSV to the correct object fields.
  * **Ensure you are selecting the right object** (Contacts or Opportunities) when mapping each field to avoid errors.
  * This feature also allows the creation of **contacts** with multiple email addresses and phone numbers. These additional details will be added automatically during the import process.
  * If Contacts and Opportunities are on the same line in the CSV, they will be automatically mapped to each other.

### **Step 5: Verify and Import**

  * Review your mappings, then confirm and proceed with the import.
  * You can also choose to create a smartlist, add contacts to a workflow or add a new tag to the imported contacts.

### **Step 6: Monitor Import Status**

  * You can monitor the progress and status of the import via the **Contacts** and **Opportunities Bulk Actions Pages**.
  * Both contacts and opportunities imports will appear in the same place under **Bulk Actions**.
  * Click on the "Show Stats" button to view Stats of the import - you can also download the error log and view further details about the error and how to fix them in the "Error" tab

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Bulk Add and Remove Tags from Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002830-bulk-add-and-remove-tags-from-contacts)
  * [Bulk Send SMS via Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003859-bulk-send-sms-via-contacts)
  * [Importing Contacts and Opportunities via CSV](/support/solutions/articles/155000003905-importing-contacts-and-opportunities-via-csv)

## You may like to read -

  * [ActiveCampaign to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003296-activecampaign-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Bulk Importing Contacts Via CSV Walkthrough](/support/solutions/articles/48000982206-bulk-importing-contacts-via-csv-walkthrough)
  * [Importing Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002517-importing-opportunities)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
