Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Opportunities and Pipelines](/support/solutions/48000449589)
  4. [Managing Opportunities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000515)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Opportunities and Pipelines](/support/solutions/48000449589)
     * [Managing Opportunities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000515)
  6. Filtering Opportunities

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Filtering Opportunities

Modified on: Wed, 28 Aug, 2024 at 10:54 AM

Use a filter to segregate and view specific data on your opportunity board. Filters support both standard and custom fields

**In This Article**

    * Creating a Filter
    * Filter Conditions
    * Filter Types

* * *

## Creating a Filter

Filters can be accessed by clicking the filter icon in the top right corner of the opportunities board. Multiple filters can be applied at the same time in two different configurations (explained below)

## Filter Conditions

Two types of filter conditional logic are possible: AND and OR

  * AND - Every condition must be met for each opportunity
  * OR - At least one condition must be met for each opportunity

These filter conditions can be changed using the toggle on the top right of the filter right sidebar

## Filter Types

The filters are divided into 2 groups:

  1. Standard Filters - Based on opportunity activity and standard fields
    1. Owner
    2. Status
    3. Campaign Type - This filter allows you to filter based on which campaign the opportunity was created from in case it was created from a campaign. You can find campaigns in the platform under Automations. Please note any further development on campaigns has been discontinued. 
    4. Last Stage Change
    5. Created on
    6. Updated on
    7. Lead Value
    8. Opportunity won on
    9. Opportunity lost on
  2. Custom Filters - Filters for Custom fields in opportunities (except File Upload and Signature Field)

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Filtering Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000001241-filtering-opportunities)
  * [Searching for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002043-searching-for-opportunities)
  * [List View for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002432-list-view-for-opportunities)
  * [How to Decouple Owners for Contacts and Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002270-how-to-decouple-owners-for-contacts-and-opportunities)

## You may like to read -

  * [Searching for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002043-searching-for-opportunities)
  * [List View for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002432-list-view-for-opportunities)
  * [How to use "Only Assigned Data" setting with Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000003247-how-to-use-only-assigned-data-setting-with-dashboard)
  * [Workflows vs Campaigns/Triggers (Deprecated features)](/support/solutions/articles/48001229927-workflows-vs-campaigns-triggers-deprecated-features-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
