Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  6. Members Approval Questions

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Members Approval Questions

Modified on: Thu, 1 Feb, 2024 at 10:27 AM

More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/8hJBZsaTrPg>

<https://youtu.be/HQDyFGA94FA>

<https://youtu.be/Di1sTrDCmNs>

<https://youtu.be/_9T7OIrMwhU>

Welcome to the latest feature in the GoHighLevel community—Member Approval Questions! This powerful tool allows you to streamline your community membership process and ensure that new members align with your community's goals. Below, we'll guide you through the steps to effectively use Member Approval Questions.  

As an admin/ owner of a group, you can choose to ask a set of questions to members who request to join the group

**In This Article**

  * Getting started
  * Creating approval questions
  * Managing member responses

* * *

##  _G_ _etting started_

  1. ### **Accessing Member Approval Questions:**  
To access member questions, Go to Settings > Member Questions

  2. ### **Enabling Member Approval Questions:**  
To enable the member questions, just toggle it on from the Enable Member Questions button. Once enabled, member will receive questions to answer, that are added here

##  _Creating approval questions_

  1. ### **Adding questions:**  
To add member questions, click on Add Questions. Maximum 3 questions can be added here   
For every options that are added, each option should be unique

  2. ## **Choosing question types:**  
Choose the appropriate question type - Text Box, Single Select, Multi Select  

##   

##  _Managing member responses_

  1. ### **Accessing responses:**  
Admins/Owners of groups should regularly check and manage responses from the People Tab > Requested Filter

  2. ## **Approving/ Rejecting a Membership:**  
To accept or reject a membership, admins/owners go to Requested filter > showing all members who requested to join. Click on the 3 dots > Membership Answers > Approve or Decline as per the relevant answers  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to make your Groups private/ public in Communities?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000735-how-to-make-your-groups-private-public-in-communities-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Promote and Customize Your Mobile App: A Comprehensive Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000000089-how-to-promote-and-customize-your-mobile-app-a-comprehensive-guide)
  * [Invite members via link](/support/solutions/articles/155000001303-invite-members-via-link)
  * [Post Approval Flow in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001229834-post-approval-flow-in-social-planner)
  * [Move Numbers From One Twilio Account To Another](/support/solutions/articles/48001177283-move-numbers-from-one-twilio-account-to-another)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
