Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
  4. [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  6. Instagram DM - Workflow Action

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Instagram DM - Workflow Action

Modified on: Wed, 4 Sep, 2024 at 10:45 PM

### **Instagram DM - Action:**

The workflow action Instagram DM allows you to send an Instagram DM to the contact (contact needs to have previously messaged a connected Instagram page no more than 24 hours before arriving at this event in order for the message to successfully deliver)

You can select from pre existing templates or even right your own message.You also have the ability to attach files. Click on "Add attachment" and select an attachment from your drive or enter the URL to add the files.

Use this action with the Trigger - "Customer Replied" and reply channel is "Instagram DM". 

**Please Note:  **

  * This action should be used to send DMs to contacts only if the contact has sent a DM in last 24 hours. 
  * If this action is used with "Instagram Comment(s) on Post" workflow trigger, 
    * DM will be sent as a Reply to Comment if there is any recent comment on your Instagram post.
    * DM will be sent as a Direct DM if there is no recent comment, provided the contact has sent a DM to your business within the last 24 hours.

**Recommendation:**

Use the "Instagram Interactive Messenger" action, to send Instagram DMs to contacts.  

  * If you are replying to a comment, set the Reply Type as Reply to Comment via DM
  * If you are sending a direct DM, set the Reply Type as "Reply to DM" 

You can view more details on "Instagram Interactive Messenger" Action - [Here](https://help.leadconnectorhq.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002188-facebook-instagram-interactive-messenger).

**Note:  **

Previously, until August 31, 2024, you were able to send a direct message to any contact who commented on your Instagram post via the "Instagram DM" workflow action, regardless of whether they had sent a DM to your business within the last 24 hours. This was due to a bug on Meta's end, which has now been resolved.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Unread VS Read - Must Manually Mark as Read](/support/solutions/articles/48000980858-unread-vs-read-must-manually-mark-as-read)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to CC (Carbon Copy) and BCC (Blind Carbon Copy) for email composer](/support/solutions/articles/155000000444-how-to-cc-carbon-copy-and-bcc-blind-carbon-copy-for-email-composer)
  * [Contact Engagement score](/support/solutions/articles/155000001251-contact-engagement-score)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Instagram DM](/support/solutions/articles/155000003293-workflow-action-instagram-dm)
  * [Facebook & Instagram comment automation](/support/solutions/articles/155000002055-facebook-instagram-comment-automation)
  * [Action - Facebook & Instagram Interactive Messenger](/support/solutions/articles/155000003301-action-facebook-instagram-interactive-messenger)
  * [Facebook & Instagram comment automation FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002180-facebook-instagram-comment-automation-faqs)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
