Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000574)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000574)
  6. Microsoft Teams Integration For Calendars

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Microsoft Teams Integration For Calendars

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 10:56 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Prerequisites
  * How to Connect Microsoft Teams
  * How to Add Microsoft Teams Links to Your Calendar
  * Important Notes
  * Limitations with Microsoft Teams Integration
  * FAQs

* * *

### **Overview**

By connecting your Microsoft Teams account, you can automatically generate dynamic meeting links, reducing manual steps. If you select Microsoft Teams as your meeting location in any calendar, a unique Teams link will automatically be generated for each new booking and sent along with the calendar invite.

* * *

### **Prerequisites**

You need access to the Microsoft Teams account you want to connect.

* * *

### **How to Connect Microsoft Teams**

There are two ways to connect your Microsoft Teams account:

  1. From the **"My Profile"** menu under the **Settings** tab.
  2. From the **"Calendars"** menu under the **Settings** tab.

**Steps to connect Microsoft Teams from the "My Profile" menu**

1\. Navigate to **Settings > My Profile**.

2\. Under **Video Conferencing** connections, click **Add New**.

3\. Select **Microsoft Teams** and click **Connect**.

4\. Sign in with your Microsoft Teams credentials.

5\. Your Microsoft Teams account is now successfully connected.

* * *

**Steps to connect Microsoft Teams from the "Calendars" menu**

1\. Go to **Calendars > Calendar Settings > Connections**.

2\. Locate the **Video Conferencing** tab.

3\. Click on **Add New** and then click **Connect** next to **Microsoft Teams**.

4\. Sign in with your Microsoft Teams credentials.

5\. Your Microsoft Teams account is now successfully connected.

* * *

### **How to Add Microsoft Teams Links to Your Calendar**

After connecting your Teams account, you can add dynamic Teams links to your calendar. Here's how:

  1. Ensure your **Microsoft Teams** integration is successfully set up.
  2. Navigate to your **Calendar Settings  **and**  e****dit  **the calendar you want to modify.
  3. Go to the **Meeting Details** tab and scroll to the **Team Members** section.
  4. Choose the **team member** , ensure they have successfully **integrated** Microsoft Teams, then select Microsoft Teams as the meeting location and click **Save**.

* * *

### **Important Notes**

  * ### 

Connecting an Outlook calendar does not automatically link Microsoft Teams. To connect Teams, navigate to **Calendar Connections > Video Conferencing** and connect it separately.

  * To view appointments on your Outlook calendar, ensure that your desired Outlook calendar is both connected and selected as the linked calendar. You can do this under **Calendar Connections > Calendars**.

* * *

### **Limitations with Microsoft Teams Integration**

  * Only Microsoft Teams accounts for Work and School (Organisation and Education) are eligible for integration.
  * Each user can connect only one Microsoft Teams integration per subaccount.
  * The same Microsoft Teams integration can be used across multiple subaccounts, but only for the same user. For example, if User A has connected their Microsoft Teams integration in Subaccount A, then only User A can connect that same integration to Subaccount B.

* * *

### **FAQs**

**Q: Which Calendars Support Dynamic Microsoft Teams Links?**

A: **Personal Booking** , **Round Robin** , **Collective Calendars, and Service Calendars** support Microsoft Teams integration and automatically generate new Teams links for each appointment booked. This feature is coming soon for Class Booking Calendars.

**Q: How Can I Use Microsoft Teams with Event Calendars?**

A: You can use Microsoft Teams with **Event Calendars** by manually generating a Teams meeting link and adding it to the calendar settings.

**Steps:**

  1. Generate a meeting link in **Microsoft Teams**.
  2. In the calendar settings, select **Custom** as the meeting location.
  3. Paste the generated Teams link.

**Note** : This will add a static link, meaning the same link will be used for all future bookings.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Calendly - How to Integrate Calendly with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002373-calendly-how-to-integrate-calendly-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Google - How to Integrate Google with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002369-google-how-to-integrate-google-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Hide Third-Party Calendar Details](/support/solutions/articles/155000003545-hide-third-party-calendar-details)
  * [How to connect iCloud with Highlevel?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001477-how-to-connect-icloud-with-highlevel-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Microsoft Outlook - How to Integrate Outlook with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002371-microsoft-outlook-how-to-integrate-outlook-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Calendly - How to Integrate Calendly with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002373-calendly-how-to-integrate-calendly-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [How to sync HighLevel Calendars With Outlook](/support/solutions/articles/48001188796-how-to-sync-highlevel-calendars-with-outlook)
  * [Zoom - How to Integrate Zoom with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002372-zoom-how-to-integrate-zoom-with-highlevel-calendars)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
