Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  6. SMS is coming from a different Twilio number than the one...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# SMS is coming from a different Twilio number than the one in Phone Numbers tab

Modified on: Tue, 25 Jul, 2023 at 6:55 PM

Issue:

There's confusion regarding sending text messages in Mexico, as the recipient sees a different number than the one you sent it from. This happens due to a specific regulation in Mexico for mobile text messages.

In Mexico, AT&T is the only mobile company that allows texts to be sent from a regular phone number. These messages are primarily intended for person-to-person, or P2P, conversations. According to the rules, if more than nine texts are sent from the same number in less than two minutes, the system automatically changes the **'Sender ID'** \- the number from which the message appears to be sent. This is done to comply with Mexico's regulations.

Therefore, if your messages are appearing from a different number, it's due to this regulation being applied. To avoid this, please vote [here](https://ideas.gohighlevel.com/search?search=shortcode) so we can support shortcode.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [SMS Contains Pieces of Code](/support/solutions/articles/48000979914-sms-contains-pieces-of-code)
  * [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152123-sms-still-coming-from-old-twilio-number-when-i-got-a-new-one-)
  * [Incoming SMS only shows up in Conversation / not forwarding to the forwarding number](/support/solutions/articles/48001156789-incoming-sms-only-shows-up-in-conversation-not-forwarding-to-the-forwarding-number)

## You may like to read -

  * [Which Twilio phone number will the leads be getting the SMS from?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152126-which-twilio-phone-number-will-the-leads-be-getting-the-sms-from-)
  * [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152123-sms-still-coming-from-old-twilio-number-when-i-got-a-new-one-)
  * [How to Assign Twilio Phone Numbers to Users](/support/solutions/articles/48001152124-how-to-assign-twilio-phone-numbers-to-users)
  * [Incoming or inbound SMS message showing as calls / not showing at all](/support/solutions/articles/48001181601-incoming-or-inbound-sms-message-showing-as-calls-not-showing-at-all)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
