Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  6. 'Look Busy' in Calendar Settings

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# 'Look Busy' in Calendar Settings

Modified on: Tue, 10 Sep, 2024 at 8:58 AM

**In this Article**

    * Overview
    * How It Works?
    * How to Enable "Look Busy"?
    * Supported Calendar Types
    * Important Notes

* * *

### **Overview**

The "Look Busy" feature is designed to help you appear more in demand on your booking widget by hiding a percentage of your available slots. This creates a sense of urgency for your bookers, as the number of visible slots is reduced. It's important to note that this feature only affects the booking widget; your entire schedule remains available and bookable through the in-app appointment modal.

* * *

### **How It Works?**

When you enable the "Look Busy" feature, you can specify a percentage of slots to hide from your total availability. Once set, this percentage of slots is randomly hidden from the widget. As bookers schedule new appointments, the number of visible slots remains constant until the actual number of slots available matches the number being shown. At that point, the widget displays the actual available slots.

For example: If you have four time slots available in a day and you choose to hide 50% of them, your clients might see only two available slots.

If you have ten time slots available in a day and you choose to hide 50% of them, this is how the slots would appear on the booking widget. 

* * *

### **How to Enable "Look Busy"?**

  1. Go to **Calendar Settings** and select the desired calendar.
  2. Navigate to the **Availability** tab.
  3. Locate the **Look Busy** option.
  4. Turn it on and enter the percentage of slots you want to hide.
  5. Click **Save**.

###   

* * *

### **Supported Calendar Types**

  * Event Calendar
  * Round Robin Calendar
  * Collective Calendar
  * Service Calendar

* * *

### **Important Notes**

  * **Class Booking and Service Menu:  **The "Look Busy" feature is currently not applicable for class bookings and service menus.
  * **Appointment Modal** : All slots are shown in the in-app appointment modal, regardless of the "Look Busy" setting.
  * **Recurring Appointments** : For recurring appointments, a slot may appear hidden due to the "Look Busy" setting on future dates, but it will still be booked based on the first slot's date and time and the recurrence settings.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Consent checkbox for compliance](/support/solutions/articles/155000001032-consent-checkbox-for-compliance)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)

## You may like to read -

  * [Troubleshooting Tool for Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000003358-troubleshooting-tool-for-calendar)
  * [How to Re-Integrate Google Calendar for a User](/support/solutions/articles/48001181302-how-to-re-integrate-google-calendar-for-a-user)
  * [Neo Group View Template](/support/solutions/articles/155000000973-neo-group-view-template)
  * [Hide Third-Party Calendar Details](/support/solutions/articles/155000003545-hide-third-party-calendar-details)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
