Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Mobile App](/support/solutions/48000455168)
  4. [Contacts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000763)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Mobile App](/support/solutions/48000455168)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000763)
  6. How to Use the Business Card Scanner in the Mobile App

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use the Business Card Scanner in the Mobile App

Modified on: Wed, 7 Aug, 2024 at 4:03 PM

We're thrilled to announce our latest update to our HighLevel and LeadConnector Mobile Apps - Business Card Scanner. Sub-account admins and users can now scan a business card to create a new contact. This update is available on HighLevel, LeadConnector, and White-labelled (update needs to be requested) mobile apps.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What's New
  * How It Works
  * Why it Matters
  * Availability

## **What's New**

  1. Scan business card

: Scan a business card from three different entry points to create a new contact.
  2. Card chips

: After scanning the business card, edits can still be made with help of chips available at the bottom. Drag the relevant text to the relevant field to rectify the error.

## **How It Works**

  1. Open the mobile app with your preferred sub-account selected.
  2. To start scanning a business card, choose any of the 3 entry points:

  * Head over to the contacts page, tap on the "+" icon, and tap on "Scan Business Card"
  * Tap on the scan icon on the top right of the contact creation screen.
  * Tap on the bolt quick actions button and tap on "Scan Business Card"

  3. Once you have the scanner open. position the business card within the rectangular box. The device will automatically extract the details from the card.
  4. Once the scan is completed, users can continue to edit the details using the chips present at the bottom or using their keyboard to type manually.
  5. Once all the details have been captured, hit save to create the contact.

## **Why it Matters**

The addition of business card scanner will allow users to create contacts in a much more seamless and user-friendly manner. Creating contacts has never been simpler!

## **Availability**

  * HighLevel (iOS, Android) - v3.74 or later
  * LeadConnector (iOS, Android) - v3.74 or later
  * WhiteLabel (iOS, Android) - v3.74 or later

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Use the Business Card Scanner in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003049-how-to-use-the-business-card-scanner-in-the-mobile-app)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use POS with Your Service Calendar in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003445-how-to-use-pos-with-your-service-calendar-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [How to use LeadConnector/Twilio phone number for WhatsApp Business Account ](/support/solutions/articles/155000002352-how-to-use-leadconnector-twilio-phone-number-for-whatsapp-business-account-)
  * [Tap to Pay](/support/solutions/articles/155000000950-tap-to-pay)
  * [Mobile Apps Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001702-mobile-apps-overview)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
