Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
  4. [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
     * [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  6. The Affiliate Commander Program

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# The Affiliate Commander Program

Modified on: Wed, 24 Jan, 2024 at 12:10 PM

**What is an Affiliate Commander?**

“Affiliate Commander” is a status awarded annually HighLevel’s highest-performing affiliates that comes with exclusive perks and bonuses.

Commander Perks include…

  * Your own slack channel in the HighLevel workspace

  * Short-term endorsement opportunities

  * Invitation to the Affiliate Mastermind and other exclusive events

  * Quarterly calls with the HighLevel dev team

  * Access to ticket-escalation protocol for you and your referrals

  * And more!

**How do I become an Affiliate Commander?**

Affiliate Commander status is earned by affiliates who generate at least six figures in annual commission from new referrals and/or upgrades.

Commander Status is not a lifetime achievement, and affiliates must remain on pace with the annual commission target to retain the title and its perks.

Each year’s winners are announced at the LevelUp Summit in October. 

Want to know if you’re on pace to become an Affiliate Commander? Reach out to your [Affiliate Manager](https://speakwith.us/affiliate).

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

## You may like to read -

  * [Glossary](/support/solutions/articles/155000003633-glossary)
  * [Why Use Affiliate Automations?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003662-why-use-affiliate-automations-)
  * [All About Affiliate Enrolled In Campaign Trigger](/support/solutions/articles/155000003040-all-about-affiliate-enrolled-in-campaign-trigger)
  * [How to find your Affiliate Customers and Commission in your Affiliate Portal](/support/solutions/articles/48001217006-how-to-find-your-affiliate-customers-and-commission-in-your-affiliate-portal)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
