Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. Populate Custom Fields and capture in submission using Cu...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Populate Custom Fields and capture in submission using Custom HTML/Javascript Logic

Modified on: Wed, 7 Aug, 2024 at 7:11 AM

Auto populating the existing custom field in forms / Survey using custom HTML/Javscript and later saved in submisison is simple and straightforward. 

Retrieve the Custom Field ID:

   \- Go to the Preview of the form.

   \- Right-click on the page and select 'Inspect.'

   \- Select the mouse pointer tool.

   \- Click on the "Custom Field."

   \- Copy the ID from the name and ID properties.

**  Example:** 

If you created a custom field named `xxTrustedFormCertUrl`, follow the above steps to get its ID.

**Note:  **`**myData**`**  is just for example. In the customer custom HTML/Javascript code. Customer have to figure it out where is the captured data and replace the **`**myData**`**   **

    document.getElementsByName('customFieldId')[0].value = myData;    
    document.getElementsByName('customFieldId')[0].dispatchEvent(new Event("input"));

HTML

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to add additional fields through Custom HTML/Javascript in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003042-how-to-add-additional-fields-through-custom-html-javascript-in-forms-and-surveys)
  * [Advanced Filters for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004013-advanced-filters-for-custom-objects)
  * [Surveys with Conditional Logic](/support/solutions/articles/48000981703-surveys-with-conditional-logic)
  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
