Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Settings & Preferences](/support/solutions/folders/155000000688)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Settings & Preferences](/support/solutions/folders/155000000688)
  6. Calendar Scheduling Conflicts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Calendar Scheduling Conflicts

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 10:45 AM

In Teams/Group calendars (Round Robin, Service, Class, and Collective Calendars), appointments assigned to a particular user can be synced to Third Party Calendars (Google / Outlook / iCloud) and the events from Third Party Calendars can be read and synced to the CRM.

You can configure your calendar under Settings > My Profile. There are primarily two settings, Primary Calendar and Check for Conflicts. All the third party calendar integrations added by the User are shown here.

* * *

# **Check for Scheduling Conflicts**

All the Google/Outlook/iCloud calendars integrated by the user will be shown here.

As the name suggests, we read all the events from the selected calendar and block off the timings when the user is not available. Essentially, all events imported from Google/Outlook/iCloud will be blocked, disallowing any appointments during those times.

In the Check for Conflicts section, we do not create any appointments. If a calendar is disabled in Check for Conflicts, it implies that it is already selected in the Primary Calendar."

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Setting Up Linked Calendars & Conflict Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002374-setting-up-linked-calendars-conflict-calendars)
  * [Email & In-App Appointment Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000003441-email-in-app-appointment-notifications)
  * [Calendar Scheduling Conflicts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003548-calendar-scheduling-conflicts)
  * [Assigning a Primary Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000002263-assigning-a-primary-calendar)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to sync HighLevel Calendars With Outlook](/support/solutions/articles/48001188796-how-to-sync-highlevel-calendars-with-outlook)
  * [Team Member Assignment (Round Robin Calendar)](/support/solutions/articles/155000002711-team-member-assignment-round-robin-calendar-)
  * [Google - How to Integrate Google with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002369-google-how-to-integrate-google-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Calendly to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003308-calendly-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
