Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  6. How To Reduce 'Spam Likely' by Registering your N...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How To Reduce 'Spam Likely' by Registering your Numbers on Free Caller Registry

Modified on: Thu, 7 Dec, 2023 at 9:43 PM

From time to time, you might notice that your outbound calls are being labeled as "Spam Likely" or "Scam Likely" when reaching out to potential leads. To address this issue and remove such nuisance labels from your numbers, we recommend registering your tracking numbers using the [Free Caller Registry.](https://freecallerregistry.com/fcr/)

It's important to note that this registration process is specifically designed for U.S. phone numbers. If you're dealing with international numbers, we suggest getting in touch with the terminating carrier responsible for marking your outbound calls as spam. Requesting adjustments to your outbound caller ID through the respective carrier can help resolve this matter.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Getting Started
    * Registering Numbers on Free Caller Registry
    * Form Field FAQs

* * *

## **Getting Started**

The Free Caller Registry employs a standardized and centralized procedure, enabling entities engaged in legitimate outbound phone calls to submit their data to the three service providers of call management services supporting major U.S. wireless carriers

## **Registering Numbers on Free Caller Registry**

The Free Caller Registry employs a standardized and centralized procedure, enabling entities engaged in legitimate outbound phone calls to submit their data to the three service providers of call management services supporting major U.S. wireless carriers

**Step 1: Visit the [Free Caller Registry](https://freecallerregistry.com/fcr/) website.**

**Step 1: Click ****Register here**

**Step 1: Complete the form**

**Step 1: Click ****Send verification code****. (FCR will send the code immediately).**

**Step 1: Enter the verification code in the ****Enter verification code from email****  field.**

**Step 1: Click ****Submit**

**Within three to five days of submission, expect confirmation emails from the three providers responsible for updating all U.S.-based carriers. These emails will either confirm or deny the update. Additionally, you may receive an email from these providers, prompting you to establish an account to finalize the submission process.**

## **Form Field FAQs**

Below is a description of how to correctly fill each form field with the correct phone number format and company information.

###   

  1. Add a list of the tracking phone numbers you'd like to register. You will need to provide the following items:  

\- Tracking number.  
\- Display Name (the name you expect to show when calling a customer).  
\- For lists larger than 20 numbers use the **Upload Additional Numbers option  **\- File upload must be in Text or Excel format and less than 100KB in size (+15554443333 format, all on separate lines or cells).  

  2. Choose a business category within the **I believe my calls are  **section.  

  3. Contact Name.  

  4. Company Phone.  

  5. Email.  

  6. Calling Company Name (your company name).  

  7. Calling Company Address (your company address).  

  8. City.  

  9. State.  

  10. Zip Code.  

  11. Calling Company URL (your website).  

  12. Service Provider (your phone provider).  

  13. Calls per month (estimate).  

  14. Provide further information if you have received feedback from customers that your phone numbers are being labeled incorrectly

Should you have any questions or require further clarification on this process, please don't hesitate to reach out to our Support team for assistance

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Call Events Not Working for Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981465-call-events-not-working-for-twilio)
  * [Geo Permissions Issues with Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981435-geo-permissions-issues-with-twilio)
  * [Purchase Twilio Number - "Please Select Bundle/Address to Purchase Number"](/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-bundle-address-to-purchase-number-)
  * [Phone Call Redirect Loop](/support/solutions/articles/48001076653-phone-call-redirect-loop)

## You may like to read -

  * [Recommendations and Best Practices for Maintaining a Positive Caller Reputation](/support/solutions/articles/155000002944-recommendations-and-best-practices-for-maintaining-a-positive-caller-reputation)
  * [Remediate 'Spam Likely' on your Caller ID using Free Caller Registry](/support/solutions/articles/155000002883-remediate-spam-likely-on-your-caller-id-using-free-caller-registry)
  * [Why are my Calls marked as Spam, and how can I avoid it (LC Phone)](/support/solutions/articles/48001231665-why-are-my-calls-marked-as-spam-and-how-can-i-avoid-it-lc-phone-)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
