Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Streamline Payments with Automated Invoice Reminders

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Streamline Payments with Automated Invoice Reminders

Modified on: Tue, 30 Jul, 2024 at 2:38 PM

Relied on workflows to remind your customers? Now, increase your payment conversions on invoices by setting payment reminders for your customers directly from settings.

What's New?

  * Set up multiple reminders by Adding New reminders and simply enabling/disabling it using a toggle
  * Delete a reminder if needed
  * Set number of reminders, custom emails and change when to send it based on Invoice due date or sent date

How to use?

  * Go to Settings within Invoices

  * Click on Reminder Settings

  * Configure below details for every reminder:

  1. Reminder Name
  2. Reminder Template for Email and SMS - Use existing or edit an existing template and create a new one on the go!
  3. Edit the Subject of your email
  4. Set reminder frequency: Every [X] [Days/Months/Hours..] [After/Before] [Invoice Due date/Invoice sent date]
  5. Set Maximum reminders to limit when the reminder will stop to go

  * Click on Add New Reminder to add another reminder
  * Delete a reminder if needed or just turn it off using a toggle

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to send confirmations after purchase of orders](/support/solutions/articles/155000001437-how-to-send-confirmations-after-purchase-of-orders)
  * [How to pay your Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003657-how-to-pay-your-affiliates)
  * [Trigger - Payment Received](/support/solutions/articles/155000003534-trigger-payment-received)
  * [Common uses cases for Payments and Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/48001220600-common-uses-cases-for-payments-and-invoices)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
