Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. Using SaaS Mode with NMI, Authorize.net, and Square

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Using SaaS Mode with NMI, Authorize.net, and Square

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 1:36 AM

SaaS Mode now supports Stripe, NMI, [Authorize.net](//Authorize.net) and Square for processing payments for subscriptions. The system uses the Payments module inside your **'Agency Sub-Account'** to manage customers and subscriptions, which in turn is connected to your payment provider to process payments.

> **'Agency Sub-Account'** is the sub-account that is owned by you (the Agency), which is used for managing your internal operations. None of your customers ideally should have access to this sub-account.  
>   
> It is recommended to create a fresh new sub-account for managing SaaS Mode. You can also have multiple of such sub-accounts.

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Section 1: Setup your SaaS Configurator
    * Step 1: Select your Agency Sub-Account(s)
    * Step 2: Create SaaS Plans
    * Step 3: Configure your SaaS Plan
    * Step 4: Save your Plan
  * Section 2: Selling your SaaS Plans
  * Section 3: Onboarding SaaS Clients

* * *

## **Section 1: Setup your SaaS Configurator**

### **Step 1: Select your Agency Sub-Account(s)**

  * At the agency level, in _**SaaS Configurator > Configure**_ tab, click on _**'Select Sub-Accounts'**_.

  * Select your Agency Sub-Account from the drop-down, and select '**_Add Sub-Account'_**.

### **Step 2: Create SaaS Plans**

  * **Option 1: Via SaaS Configurator**

    1. In your **_SaaS Configurator_** , select the **_'Add Your Plan'_** button.

    2. Select the location (sub-account, from the list of your configured agency sub-accounts) where you need to create the product i.e. the one you'll be using to manage the customers and subscriptions, and process payments.

    3. You'll be redirected to the payments module of the selected sub-account where you can now configure your SaaS plan.  

  * **Option 2: Via the Payments Module**

    1. Switch to your preferred agency sub-account, and go to the **_Payments_** tab.

    2. Select the **_'New Product'_** button.

### **Step 3: Configure your SaaS Plan**

  * Once you are on the Product configuration screen (shown below), make sure to enable the **_'Use as SaaS Product'_** toggle.  
You'll start to see the **_'SaaS'_** section as soon as you enable the toggle.

  * Add all the basic details for your SaaS plan including title, description etc.

  * Scroll to the **_Pricing_** section to setup the monthly & annual prices, and corresponding trial periods.  

  * Scroll to the **_SaaS_** section to configure all the SaaS options including Features, Usage Limits, Complimentary Credits, Rebilling, Reselling etc.

### **Step 4: Save your Plan**

****

* * *

## **Section 2: Selling your SaaS Plans**

SaaS plans can be sold similar to any other Payments products, through funnels, order forms, payment links, invoices etc. Please refer to the below articles for help:

  1. [Selling products on order forms](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000000559)
  2. [Payment links](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002177)
  3. [Creating invoices in HighLevel](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001208702)
  4. [Using products in payment element](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002546)

* * *

## **Section 3: Onboarding SaaS Clients**

  1. **SaaS clients are automatically onboarded as soon as their plan purchase is successful.**
  2. Regardless of the platform/mode of payment, as soon as the subscription is created for any of the SaaS products, a sub-account is automatically created with the configurations of the respective SaaS plan.
  3. Upon the successful creation of the client's account, they will get an email on their registered email address with the instructions on logging in to the system i.e. Login URL, and the steps to setup their password.
  4. Please refer [this article](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001317) for instructions on customizing the welcome email for your SaaS clients.

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Connect and Use Square Payment Processor in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000003314-how-to-connect-and-use-square-payment-processor-in-highlevel)
  * [SaaS Mode Sub-Accounts Are Not Being Generated](/support/solutions/articles/48001183981-saas-mode-sub-accounts-are-not-being-generated)
  * [Attach SaaS Mode Subscription Plan to an Existing Client/Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001188055-attach-saas-mode-subscription-plan-to-an-existing-client-sub-account)
  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
