Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [LC Email](/support/solutions/folders/48000686640)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [LC Email](/support/solutions/folders/48000686640)
  6. Manage Sub-account Email Settings and Migration in LC Email

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Manage Sub-account Email Settings and Migration in LC Email

Modified on: Wed, 31 Jul, 2024 at 1:05 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to Filter Sub-Accounts' Email Providers
  * Migrate a Sub-Account Over to LC - Email
  * Bulk Migration of Sub-Accounts to LC - Email
    * Transfer all Mailgun sub-accounts or specific Mailgun dedicated domain sub-accounts.
  * Include LC - Email dedicated domains for sub-accounts within the agency.  
  
**FAQ** :
    * Can I Transfer a Dedicated Domain from One Sub-Account to Another?
    * Can I Share Agency Dedicated Domain with Sub-Accounts?
    * Can I Share a Sub-account Dedicated Domain with Sub-Accounts?
    * Migrating Your Agency Over to LC - Email

* * *

# **How to Filter Sub-Accounts' Email Providers**

Navigate to Agency Settings -> Email Services -> Location Settings and Click the "Filter" button. All your sub-accounts email service records will be available on the page.

    **We have three option in Filter**  
     1. LeadConnector  
    2. Mailgun  
    3. Others(sub-account using their own email service provider)

  * **Filter by LeadConnector**
    * This option allows you to find all sub-accounts that use LeadConnector as their default email service.
    * You also have the flexibility to combine filters to narrow down your search further. For example, you can filter sub-accounts by both domain name and email validation status simultaneously.
    * Filter by Dedicated Domain name.
    * Filter by Email validation enabled / disabled account.  

  * **Filter by Mailgun**
    * This option allows you to find all sub-accounts that use Mailgun as their default email service.
    * You have the option to filter by Mailgun dedicated domain.  

  * **Filter by Other**
    * This option allows you to find all sub-accounts that use their own email service providers.

* * *

## **Migrate a Sub-Account Over to LC - Email**

  * Navigate to Agency Settings -> Email Services -> Location Settings.
  * Choose the sub-account and click the Pencil icon.  

  * Choose the LeadConnector and select your dedicated domain or set Fallback to Default(Agency default domain) and save the settings.  

* * *

## **Bulk Migration of Sub-Accounts to LC - Email**

  * Navigate to Agency Settings -> Email Services -> Location Settings and Click the "Filter" button. All your sub-accounts email service records will be available on the page.
  * Based on your filter you can move the sub-account to LC Email. Discover more about our filtering capabilities by clicking here.
  * **Example for moving Mailgun sub-accounts to LC Email**
    * **Transfer all Mailgun sub-accounts or specific Mailgun dedicated domain sub-accounts.**
      * Navigate to Agency Settings -> Email Services -> Location Settings and Click the "Filter" button.
      * You have two options
      * Select Mailgun to filter all the Mailgun sub-accounts.
      * Select Mailgun and a dedicated domain to filter all sub-accounts associated with Mailgun dedicated domains.
      * All Mailgun sub-accounts will be filtered. Click the checkbox near the Location name and use "Select all" option in the table header.  

      * Click the "Manage" button and select Migrate to LC under the Request type. Click Confirm to select the LC dedicated domain.  

      * Choose the dedicated domain and click Confirm to Migrate the sub-accounts to LC Email.  

* * *

## **Include LC - Email dedicated domains for sub-accounts within the agency.**

  * Navigate to Agency Settings -> Email Services -> Location Settings.
  * Choose the sub-account and click the Pencil icon.  

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

### **Can I Transfer a Dedicated Domain from One Sub-Account to Another?**

You have to delete the domain and add it to the sub-account.

Or

Add the domain at the agency level and share it with one or more sub-accounts. Click here to learn more.

* * *

### **Can I Share Agency Dedicated Domain with Sub-Accounts?**

Yes, you can share with sub-accounts. 

  * Filter the sub-accounts using the filter or by name and click Manage.
  * Select Migrate the LC under Request type and Select the domain.  

**Note** : By default, the agency's default dedicated domain will be shared with the sub-accounts that do not have a dedicated domain.

* * *

### **Can I Share a Sub-account Dedicated Domain with Sub-Accounts?**

No, Domain created under the sub-account cannot be shared with Agency or Sub-account.

* * *

### **Migrating Your Agency Over to LC - Email**

Related article: [How to Migrate My Agency Over to LC - Email](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222501)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222501)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222501)

* * *

# **Related Articles**

  * [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001222501?portalId=48000045315)[How to Migrate My Agency Over to LC Email](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001222501?portalId=48000045315)
  * [What is LC Email? ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001220605?portalId=48000045315)
  * [How to enable and rebill LC email validation ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001235221?portalId=48000045315)
  * [How to setup Unsubscribe links for LC email ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001225534?portalId=48000045315)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What is LC Email?](/support/solutions/articles/48001220605-what-is-lc-email-)
  * [How to Migrate My Agency Over to LC - Email](/support/solutions/articles/48001222501-how-to-migrate-my-agency-over-to-lc-email)
  * [How to Set Up Unsubscribe Links for LC - Email](/support/solutions/articles/48001225534-how-to-set-up-unsubscribe-links-for-lc-email)
  * [What is email Bounce Suspension, and how to avoid it](/support/solutions/articles/48001214786-what-is-email-bounce-suspension-and-how-to-avoid-it)

## You may like to read -

  * [What will be the order of Email Provider we will use to send emails?](/support/solutions/articles/48001209681-what-will-be-the-order-of-email-provider-we-will-use-to-send-emails-)
  * [Google Dedicated Sending Domain Setup (LC Email)](/support/solutions/articles/48001240481-google-dedicated-sending-domain-setup-lc-email-)
  * [Email Tracking for LC Email](/support/solutions/articles/155000003213-email-tracking-for-lc-email)
  * [What is LC Email?](/support/solutions/articles/48001220605-what-is-lc-email-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
