Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to Deliver Digital Products for E-commerce Stores?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Deliver Digital Products for E-commerce Stores?

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 10:34 AM

About: 

Store owners on Highlevel can seamlessly deliver digital products to their customers. Upon purchase, customers will receive an instant access to their products via secure download links sent directly to their email. Store owners can manage digital files to be delivered post purchase through the Product details page of any product. Digital file can be securely downloaded by the customers via Customer Access Center through the OTP login flow.

How to use:

For Store Owners:

  1. Store owners while creating product variant can add the type of product as either Physical or Digital at: 

Payments > Products > Select a Product > Variant Page > Shipping and Delivery

  2. For digital products, store owners can upload up to 10 files, each with a maximum size of 100 MB. If additional files are needed, they can create a ZIP file under 100 MB for upload. Supported file types include images, audio, video, documents, and ZIP files. Store owner needs to save after uploading the files.
  3. Store owners can also create different variants of Physical or Digital product type. For eg - If a store owner is selling books, they can create variants like Ebook, Audio Book or Physical books.
  4. Store owners need to make sure that "Enable Order Confirmation Email" Toggle is turned on to allow delivery of digital products via Email in 

Payments > Settings > Notifications

For Customers:

  1. After completing checkout, customers will receive an Order Confirmation Email that includes an "Access Downloads" button to retrieve their digital files.
  2. Clicking this button will direct customers to the Customer Access Center, where they must log in using an OTP sent to the email used during checkout.
  3. Customers can also access their digital downloads directly via the following unique URL: 

<storeurl>/store/account/orders

 . Eg. [myawesomestore.com/products/store/account/orders](http://myawesomestore.com/products/store/account/orders)

Notes:

  * Digital product delivery is available only for orders placed through ECommerce stores.
  * Cash on Delivery (COD) will not be applicable if any product in the order is digital.
  * No shipping fees apply to digital products. If a physical product is in the cart, standard shipping charges will be calculated.
  * If a physical product is purchased using COD, digital upsell products must be paid for with alternative online payment methods.
  * Users can download a maximum of 10 files, with each file limited to 100 MB.
  * Store owners need to make sure that "Enable Order Confirmation Email" Toggle is turned on to allow delivery of digital products via Email in Payments > Settings > Notifications
  * Customers must be logged in to download their files.
  * All the files will get downloaded at once as separate files and not as a zipped file
  * All digital products in an order will be automatically fulfilled with fulfilment details as empty fields.

Images:

  * Click on a product variant to upload digital files:

  * Click on Upload to add digital files:

  * Manage Uploaded digital files:

  * Purchasing digital product in Online store:

  * Automatic fulfilment of digital products:

  * Enable Order confirmation email for delivery of digital products:

  * Access digital files through the email:

  * Order details page asking user to login to download digital files:

  * Login via OTP:

  * Download digital files after login in customer access center:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Sell Your Subscription Based Services & Recurring Products in Your GHL Ecom Store](/support/solutions/articles/155000002833-how-to-sell-your-subscription-based-services-recurring-products-in-your-ghl-ecom-store)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
