Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  6. Pricing and Rebilling Conversation AI

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Pricing and Rebilling Conversation AI

Modified on: Thu, 6 Jun, 2024 at 5:10 AM

**In This Article**

  * Pricing
  * Re-billing the costs to your clients and making a profit
    * How do I turn on re-billing for my clients?

* * *

## Pricing

**Available in Plans:** All plans ie $97, $297, $497

**Usage-Based Plan:  **$0.02 per Message sent to the contact or suggestion shown to the sub-account user

**Upgrade to Unlimited Monthly Plan:  **$49 per subaccount for unlimited conversation AI messages in a month

**  
**

**Free of Cost: "** Bot training" and "Bot Trial" are both free of cost. (Train and test for free before deploying the bot)

## Re-billing the costs to your clients and making a profit

**Available in Plans:  **$497, $297(lower markup)

### **How do I turn on re-billing for my clients?**

  1. If the sub-account isn't in SaaS Mode already, switch the sub-account into SaaS Mode by going into your **Agency account** > **Accounts tab  **> **Scroll to the sub-account** > Click the **three dots icon** and select "**Switch to SaaS.** " Please refer to this article to learn [How to convert a location to SaaS](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001184920).
  2.  In **Agency account** > **Accounts tab** > Scroll to the **Sub-Account** > Click the three dots -> **Manage Client** > **Click the Rebilling tab** section -> find **Conversation AI and toggle it on.**
  3. Use the slider to set the amount of markup you like to make and hit save!  

  4. Rinse and repeat for all your Sub-Accounts where you wish to rebill for usage.

       **NOTE:  **Use the "**Conversation AI** " tab in "**Agency Settings** " for easy enabling of Rebilling for the subaccounts

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Conversation AI Bot - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000001335-conversation-ai-bot-explained)
  * [Pricing and Rebilling Conversation AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000001357-pricing-and-rebilling-conversation-ai)
  * [Workflow X Conversation AI - Conversation AI Action *Beta](/support/solutions/articles/155000001358-workflow-x-conversation-ai-conversation-ai-action-beta)
  * [Enable Conversation AI for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000001361-enable-conversation-ai-for-your-agency)

## You may like to read -

  * [AI Tools in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002166-ai-tools-in-highlevel)
  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)
  * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/articles/155000003906-ai-employee)
  * [How to Use Conversation AI to Book Appointments](/support/solutions/articles/155000000210-how-to-use-conversation-ai-to-book-appointments)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
