Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. Guide to Pre-Built Contact Segments

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Guide to Pre-Built Contact Segments

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 4:11 PM

We’re excited to announce a new feature designed to simplify your email marketing efforts: **Pre-Built Contact Segments**. Now, you can easily target specific groups of contacts when sending or scheduling emails, improving your campaign’s effectiveness with just a few clicks.

###   
**What are pre-built segments?**

####   
**Pre-Built Segments** are predefined groups of contacts that allow you to quickly target specific audiences based on their engagement with your emails. Instead of manually sorting through contacts, these segments automatically categorize your audience based on key behaviors, such as recent interactions or lack of engagement.

For example, you can use pre-built segments to:

  * Reach contacts who have been **actively engaging** with your emails in the last 7, 30, or 60 days.
  * Target contacts who have **interacted** with your last 5 email campaigns.
  * Re-engage contacts who have **not interacted** with your recent email campaigns.

By leveraging these pre-built segments, you can ensure your messages are sent to the right audience, making your campaigns more effective and efficient.

###   
**What’s New in Email Builder?**

You can now select from several **pre-built contact segments** directly from the send or schedule screen. These segments include:

  * **Contacts engaged within the last 7, 30, or 60 days.**
  * **Contacts who interacted with your last 5 email campaigns.**
  * **Contacts who did not interact with your last 5 email campaigns.**

_Engaged contacts_ are defined as those who have opened or clicked on emails sent through workflows, bulk actions, or email marketing campaigns.  
_Subscribers_ is same as contacts

###   
**Benefits of this:**

  * **Targeted Messaging:** Deliver more relevant content to your most engaged contacts.
  * **Customer Retention:** Create dedicated campaigns to re-engage customers who may be at risk of churning.
  * **Cost Efficiency:** Save time and resources by not sending emails to disengaged users.

###   
**How to Use**

  1. **Go to** the **Email Marketing → Campaigns** section.
  2. **Create a campaign** and proceed to the send or schedule screen.
  3. In the **recipient list** , select **Pre-Built Segments**.
  4. Use the drop-down menu to **choose your preferred segment**.
  5. **Send** or **schedule** your email.

###   
**Note:**

The segmentation is done **at the time of scheduling** , not during execution. In the next phase, we’ll support **dynamic segment updates** during execution.  

**FAQs**  
  
**1\. Is Subscribers different that contacts?**  
**- > **No, it is the same thing  
  
**2\. What does engaged mean?**  
**- > **A contact is considered as engaged if he has clicked on any marketing email (Bulk Action, Workflow or Email Campaigns)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [MailChimp to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003392-mailchimp-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Calculating SMS and MMS Costs: A Step-by-Step Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001626-calculating-sms-and-mms-costs-a-step-by-step-guide)
  * [Using the Inline Forms/ Surveys Element in email campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003912-using-the-inline-forms-surveys-element-in-email-campaign)
  * [US Phone Number Registrations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002380-us-phone-number-registrations)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
