Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Social Media Icons

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Social Media Icons

Modified on: Mon, 23 Oct, 2023 at 12:40 PM

You no longer need to write custom code or spend time creating social bars. This feature offers support for popular social media icons, including Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, YouTube, TikTok, and more. You can choose from various themes for their social bar, making it easy to configure responsiveness and design.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * How to find the element ?
    * Which social media icons are supported ?
    * Which social icons themes are supported ?

* * *

## **Quick Overview**

## How to find the element ?

Social media icons comes under elements in Social category. Just drag and drop the element to the builder

## Which social media icons are supported ?

The new social icons elements comes with the following social media icons support:

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * X
  * LinkedIn
  * Youtube
  * TikTok
  * Google Plus
  * Whatsapp
  * Mail
  * Website
  * Pinterest

## Which social icons themes are supported ?

Themes are also added for the social bar so that you can opt for different icon types for their social bar. The available themes are

  * Square
  * Brand
  * Dark
  * Light Gray
  * Rounded Dark
  * White

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use Prebuilt Elements in Your Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/articles/155000002908-how-to-use-prebuilt-elements-in-your-funnels-and-websites)
  * [How to post PDF's as photos in a LinkedIn carousel post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004058-how-to-post-pdf-s-as-photos-in-a-linkedin-carousel-post-)
  * [Creating Mobile-Responsive Designs Made Easy: Funnel & Website Builder](/support/solutions/articles/155000001482-creating-mobile-responsive-designs-made-easy-funnel-website-builder)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
