Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  6. Sharing Blog Content Across Sub-Accounts via a Snapshot

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Sharing Blog Content Across Sub-Accounts via a Snapshot

Modified on: Tue, 24 Sep, 2024 at 3:47 PM

Reusing Blog and Blog post content across multiple sub-accounts just got that much easier! With the power of Snapshots, you can share blog, blog post, authors, category from within the agency settings to any sub-account.  

## How will it work in the Parent Sub-Account?

    The **parent sub-account** is the origin of the snapshot. Its the sub-account where the snapshot is _derived/originated_ from

  * Go to the 'Sites' tab > 'Blog'
  * Create New Blog  > Add SEO Meta details as Blog Name, Image and brief Description and connect the domain
  * Edit your Blog site to your liking with design and style 
  * Create New Blog Post along with category and author - Published the blog posts to transfer to different location

##   
  
How will it work in Agency Settings > Snapshot?  

  *  Go to Agency view > Snapshots

  * '**Refresh the snapshot** ' ([See guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982583)) or '**upload the snapshot** ' ([See guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982587))   

  *  When expanded, all the blog name will display as selectable options.

##   
How will it work in Child Sub-Account?

    The **Child sub-account**  is the account where you would like to upload the snapshot into

  * Go to Sites > Blogs

  * Check the Blog, it will show as the status of Draft. 

Note - Draft status refers to user needs to add domain details.

  * Once the users adds all the blog domain details, user can make all the blog published. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [Blogs Importer - Get All your Blog Posts](/support/solutions/articles/155000004034-blogs-importer-get-all-your-blog-posts)
  * [Blog and Blog Post Statuses](/support/solutions/articles/155000002454-blog-and-blog-post-statuses)
  * [Canonical Link in Blog and Blog Post](/support/solutions/articles/155000002451-canonical-link-in-blog-and-blog-post)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
