Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
  4. [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  6. Activity Cards in Conversations

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Activity Cards in Conversations

Modified on: Tue, 24 Oct, 2023 at 12:17 AM

We are thrilled to introduce a feature that redefines how users interact with our platform—Activity Cards. This innovative addition is your window to a consolidated view of essential updates, designed to streamline your experience and empower you with real-time insights. They empower users to stay up to date on critical changes in real-time. No more delays, or navigating to different modules. The impact is real-time awareness that enhances your decision-making capabilities.

**In This Article**

  * Option 1 - Opportunities 
  * Option 2 - Appointments 
  * Option 3 - DND 
  * Option 4 - Invoices  

* * *

These cards bring the action to you. You can respond, edit, and manage opportunities, appointments, contact preferences, and invoices, all without the hassle of shifting from one panel to another. The result is a more streamlined, efficient, and effortless user experience. 

## Option 1 - Opportunities

Activity cards are populated as soon as a new opportunity is created, updated, or deleted. It ensures you are aware of potential leads from the very inception, keeping you perpetually in the loop. With a simple click on 'View Opportunity' within the card, you can dive right in and make real-time changes, right from where you are.

## Option 2 - Appointments

Anytime an appointment is created, rescheduled, or even canceled, you'll find an activity card in the conversation panel. This feature is designed to keep you perpetually updated without the need to juggle multiple screens. By clicking 'View Appointment' within the card, you can seamlessly edit the appointment details, all while staying rooted in the conversation panel.

## Option 3 - Do Not Disturb (DND)

Activity cards notify you the moment a contact is marked as "Do Not Disturb" or is removed from the DnD list. These cards provide clarity and keep you informed about the current contact preference.

## Option 4 - Invoices

Whether an invoice is sent to a contact or payment is received, the relevant activity card will pop up. With a simple click on 'View Invoice,' you'll be seamlessly redirected to a new tab where you can explore the detailed invoice.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Unread VS Read - Must Manually Mark as Read](/support/solutions/articles/48000980858-unread-vs-read-must-manually-mark-as-read)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to CC (Carbon Copy) and BCC (Blind Carbon Copy) for email composer](/support/solutions/articles/155000000444-how-to-cc-carbon-copy-and-bcc-blind-carbon-copy-for-email-composer)
  * [Contact Engagement score](/support/solutions/articles/155000001251-contact-engagement-score)

## You may like to read -

  * [Customize Opportunity Cards in Board View](/support/solutions/articles/155000003910-customize-opportunity-cards-in-board-view)
  * [Chat Widget Attribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001175057-chat-widget-attribution)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [When contact detail page is Missing Activity](/support/solutions/articles/48001183074-when-contact-detail-page-is-missing-activity)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
