Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Settings & Preferences](/support/solutions/folders/155000000688)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Settings & Preferences](/support/solutions/folders/155000000688)
  6. Calendar Widget Styles

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Calendar Widget Styles

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 2:21 PM

## 

You can select between the Classic widget type and the Neo widget type. You can choose the widget type when creating an appointment for a new calendar or editing an existing one. You can make the changes by following these steps:

Navigate to **Settings > Calendars> **Click on**  “Create Calendar”**

****  

Select Calendar Type, you can choose between any of the available types  

**Team & Event Setup** —--> **Widget Type** is where you would see the following options to select from:

Classic (which was used for Unassigned)

Neo (which will be used by default for Group Calendars)  

**Please Note:**

    You can also edit an existing Calendar and change the widget type for it.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Setting Up Linked Calendars & Conflict Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002374-setting-up-linked-calendars-conflict-calendars)
  * [Email & In-App Appointment Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000003441-email-in-app-appointment-notifications)
  * [Calendar Scheduling Conflicts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003548-calendar-scheduling-conflicts)
  * [Assigning a Primary Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000002263-assigning-a-primary-calendar)

## You may like to read -

  * [Calendar Widget Customization](/support/solutions/articles/155000001529-calendar-widget-customization)
  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [How to find the Calendar ID for a Group Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/48001207671-how-to-find-the-calendar-id-for-a-group-calendar)
  * [Multiple Meeting Location Selector in Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000002706-multiple-meeting-location-selector-in-calendar)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
