Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. Configuring User Limits for SaaS Sub-Accounts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Configuring User Limits for SaaS Sub-Accounts

Modified on: Wed, 29 Nov, 2023 at 8:52 AM

### More Tutorials From the Community

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbbZX18_0tw>

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsuZU3IJ7Bs&feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsuZU3IJ7Bs&feature=youtu.be)

SaaS mode now allows you to restrict the number of users that can be added to sub-accounts.

    The limit only applies to the number of sub-account level users that can be added. You can still add as many agency level users to the sub-account as you require.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Configuring user limits for SaaS plans
  * Updating user limits for specific sub-accounts

* * *

### **Configuring user limits for SaaS plans**

### **Step 1:  **Go to the SaaS configurator. Select ‘Edit Details’ for the plan you need to set the user limit for.  

### **Step 2:  **Go to the ‘Usage Limits’ tab. ‘User limit’ option can be found there.

### **Step 3:  **By default, unlimited users are allowed. Enable the User Limit toggle and set the desired limit for this plan.

****

# **Step 4:  **Select 'Save'.

    The user limit is now set for the plan and any new sub-accounts that are created with/upgraded to this plan will have this limit applied to them.

* * *

### **Updating user limits for specific sub-accounts**

### **Step 1:  **Go to the Sub-accounts page at the agency level. Select the sub-account you need to set the user limit for.  

### **Step 2:  **Once you are on the ‘Manage Client’ page, navigate to the ‘Usage Limits’ section. User limits can be found there.

### **Step 3:  **Set/update the desired limit and select ‘Save’

    The user limit that is set on the 'Manage Client' page overrides the limit of the subscribed plan for that sub-account. **If the sub-account upgrades their plan, then the limit will also be reset according to their new plan**.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to configure contacts limit for SaaS sub-accounts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001305-how-to-configure-contacts-limit-for-saas-sub-accounts-)
  * [SaaS User Level Permissions Vs Sub-Account Level Permissions](/support/solutions/articles/48001184431-saas-user-level-permissions-vs-sub-account-level-permissions)
  * [How to Cancel SaaS sub-account for your client](/support/solutions/articles/48001216453-how-to-cancel-saas-sub-account-for-your-client)
  * [Using SaaS Mode with NMI, Authorize.net, and Square](/support/solutions/articles/155000003670-using-saas-mode-with-nmi-authorize-net-and-square)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
