Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Affiliate Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000758)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Affiliate Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000758)
  6. Action - Update Affiliate

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Update Affiliate

Modified on: Fri, 6 Sep, 2024 at 2:17 AM

## Overview

The **Update Affiliate** is designed to update the status of affiliate as either active or inactive.

## Action Name

**Update Affiliate**

## Action Description

The **Update Affiliate  **action is designed to update the status of affiliate as either active or inactive.

## Action Details

**Step by Step Guide**

  1. **Choose the Action Type:** Select "**Update Affiliate** " from the list of available actions.
  2. **Name Your Action:** Enter a descriptive name for the action, such as "Update Affiliate as Inactive"
  3. **Select the Status:  **Choose if you want to change to status to either active or inactive.

## Example

Mark Affiliates as inactive when they will up a exit form

Scenario: A business wants maintain their list of active affiliates. They have a form which is filled by current affiliates who want to leave the affiliate campaign and network

**Action Setup:**

Action: Update Affiliate

Name: Update Affiliate as Inactive

**Workflow Trigger:**

  1. Form Submitted: The entry point to the workflow will be when the selected form is submitted by an existing affiliate
  2. Filters: Forms is "Affiliate Exit Form"

**Workflow Actions:**

  1. Update Affiliate
  2. Select Mark Affiliate as Inactive

**Outcome:**  
This ensures that whenever an existing affiliate fills up the "Affiliate Exit Form" the affiliate's profile will be marked as inactive so that they can no longer generate commissions and sales. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Add To Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003227-action-add-to-affiliate-manager)
  * [Action - Add To Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003228-action-add-to-affiliate-campaign)
  * [Action - Update Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/155000003229-action-update-affiliate)
  * [Action - Remove From Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003230-action-remove-from-affiliate-campaign)

## You may like to read -

  * [A List of Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002294-a-list-of-workflow-actions)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Action - Add To Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003227-action-add-to-affiliate-manager)
  * [Getting started with Affiliate Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000003663-getting-started-with-affiliate-automations)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
