Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Action - Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action - Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate

Modified on: Fri, 28 Jun, 2024 at 2:28 AM

The "Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate" action in workflows empowers you to efficiently manage and assign manual sales for specific affiliates within selected campaigns. By automating this process, commissions are calculated according to the campaign's default settings, ensuring accurate and timely rewards for your affiliates. This feature is designed to streamline your workflow, enhance commission tracking, and provide greater flexibility in managing affiliate-driven sales.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What is the "Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate"  Action in Workflows?
    * What are some good usage cases for this?
  * How to use this action?
    * Select "Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate" action
    * Choose the Affiliate Campaign and Affiliate
    * Enter the Revenue and other details
    * Save Action

* * *

## **What is the "Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate"  Action in Workflows?**

The Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate action in workflows allows you to assign manual sales for specific affiliate in the selected affiliate campaigns. After the action the commissions will be calculated accroding to the campaign's default commission settings and get assigned to the affiliate accordingly

###   

### **What are some good usage cases for this?**

Here are some excellent usage cases for the "Add Leads under an Affiliate" action in workflows:

**Automate Recurring Manual Commissions** : Automatically assign manual sales and commissions to an affiliate on a periodic basis. This is particularly useful for recurring sales that occur outside the system or are not tracked by the system, ensuring affiliates receive their commissions consistently.

**Track Offline Sales:** Capture and credit sales made offline or through channels not tracked by GHL. By automating manual sales entries, you ensure that all affiliate-driven sales are accounted for, enhancing the accuracy of your commission tracking.

**Reward Affiliate Engagement:** Automatically add manual sales to recognize and reward affiliates for non-monetary contributions or specific achievements. This can include actions like attending training sessions, providing exceptional customer support, or generating high-quality leads.

* * *

## **How to use this action?**

### **Select "Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate" action**

## 

### **Choose the Affiliate Campaign and Affiliate**

Select the affiliate campaign from the dropdown. Post this the affiliate dropdown will only show the affiliates that are added in the selected campaign.

### **Enter the Revenue and other details**

Enter the amount of sales/revenue of the transaction for the affiliate.

Optionally add the Event date for the sale (the date when the sale happened) and Event ID (referenceID, transaction ID)

### **Save Action**

**Please Note:**

     This action only adds a manual sales for an affiliate, the commission will be calculated as per the selected affiliate campaign's default commission settings.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/155000003459-workflow-action-add-manual-sales-for-an-affiliate)
  * [Action - Add Leads under an Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/155000002691-action-add-leads-under-an-affiliate)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Automating Affiliate Commissions with 'Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate' Workflow Action](/support/solutions/articles/155000003666-automating-affiliate-commissions-with-add-manual-sales-for-an-affiliate-workflow-action)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
