Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Canonical Links

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Canonical Links

Modified on: Mon, 23 Oct, 2023 at 9:56 AM

The Canonical Links feature in the SEO toolkit simplifies the addition of canonical links to web pages, improving SEO, preventing duplicate content issues, and enhancing website performance. Users can easily add canonical links and verify their implementation, addressing common SEO challenges.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Where should I add canonical links ?
    * How to add the canonical links ?
    * How to verify ?

* * *

## Where should I add canonical links ?

  * Navigate to the SEO Meta Data tab in the navigation menu.
  * Scroll down to find the "Add Canonical Links" option.

## How to add the canonical links ?

Users can add canonical links to their pages with the following steps:

  * Click on "Add Canonical Links" option.
  * Enter the URL of the preferred version of the page.
  * Save SEO metadata and save the funnel to apply the changes.
  * Preview the page to ensure the canonical link is correctly implemented.

## How to verify ?

To confirm the implementation of canonical links, follow these steps:

  * Right-click on the page.
  * Select "View Source Code" from the context menu.
  * Check the source code to verify that the canonical link is present and points to the intended URL.

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Canonical Link in Blog and Blog Post](/support/solutions/articles/155000002451-canonical-link-in-blog-and-blog-post)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)
  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
