Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to create Facebook Reel in Social Planner?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to create Facebook Reel in Social Planner?

Modified on: Wed, 3 Apr, 2024 at 10:51 AM

More Tutorials from the Community

 <https://youtu.be/DUsCNEv3SkA>

<https://youtu.be/QiR3b9JhHRM>

<https://youtu.be/l6_wkoziaxo>

<https://youtu.be/GfS16fUO5C8>

Short form videos are in trend with ever-growing way in social media marketing world. With the same, in social planner we are launching Facebook Reels.  

**How to create Facebook Reel?**

1\. Go to Marketing > Social Planner

2\. Connect your Facebook account by going to settings > integrations. Give the permissions to the facebook account.

3\. Go to Create New Post

4\. When creating new post, select Facebook Page for posting the Reel.

Note -  Reels are only available for pages at the moment. If you choose a group it'll be shared as a feed post.

5.Go to Reels Tab

6.Add caption and add one video attachment  
7.Schedule your Reel

**Specification for Facebook Reels -  
**  
1\. 1 GB video size  
2\. Duration - 3 seconds to 90 seconds (1 mins 30 sec)

3\. Video Format - .MP4, .MOV, .webm  
4\. Aspect - 1080 * 1920 pixels (recommended)  
Minimum is 540 x 960 pixels  
5\. Aspect Ratio - 9:16  
6\. Thumbnail support is not available for Facebook Reels.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Instagram Reels Publishing Guide for the Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000000441-instagram-reels-publishing-guide-for-the-social-planner)
  * [How to post fb stories through composer?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004059-how-to-post-fb-stories-through-composer-)
  * [How to Use the Instagram Story Post Composer in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001240398-how-to-use-the-instagram-story-post-composer-in-social-planner)
  * [Share your Review Post on social media using Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000001620-share-your-review-post-on-social-media-using-social-planner)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
