Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [App Marketplace](/support/solutions/155000000049)
  4. [View, Install & Uninstallation Apps](/support/solutions/folders/155000000161)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [App Marketplace](/support/solutions/155000000049)
     * [View, Install & Uninstallation Apps](/support/solutions/folders/155000000161)
  6. How to resell Marketplace Apps

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to resell Marketplace Apps

Modified on: Thu, 19 Oct, 2023 at 9:14 AM

In this article, we will guide you on how to resell marketplace apps built by 3rd-party app developers and set custom prices for your sub-accounts.  

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Pre-requisites
      * Connect your Agency Stripe Account
    * Setting your App Price
    * Personalizing offers for certain clients
    * How is the experience for your client?
  * How does the billing work?

## **Pre-requisites**

### Connect your Agency Stripe Account

Your agency Stripe account will be used to collect subscription payments for marketplace apps from your clients. You can connect your agency Stripe account to your agency by following this help article - <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard>

## **Setting your App Price**

  * You can set your agency-wide offer by configuring it on the Agency left menu -> Reselling tab.

  * If the app provides multiple pricing plans, you can set your price for each pricing plan offered by the app. 

Note: Apps which matches below criteria are applicable for reselling;

  * The app needs to be under paid model.
  * The app has set their payment preference to collect payment within Highlevel platform.
  * The app is under distribution type - Subaccount or Agency & Subaccount. 

##   
**Personalizing offers for certain clients**

If you wish to offer a different rate to certain clients, you can do so by following these two steps:

**Step 1:** Go to Sub-Account List -> search for Client -> Click on three dots -> Manage Clients

**Step 2:** Scroll down to the reselling section -> Change the App Pricing -> Hit Save

##   

## **How is the experience for your client?**

  * Your customers can discover the App marketplace in the left menu bar. To find more details, [click here](https://help.leadconnectorhq.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001158-marketplace-apps-view-installation)
  * Click on an app and click on install. 
  * While installing, your customers will view the prices set by you. They can select a plan, make the payment and install the app.  

  * Note: Your customers need to have card details added to their account to complete the payment & installation. If not, they can visit the company billing page (under sub-account settings), add their card details, come back to the app page and try installing again. 

# **How does the billing work?**

When your client installs a paid app it creates 2 subscriptions in the System

  * Between your client's card & your Stripe Account so you can collect payment from your clients.
  * Between HighLevel & your Stripe account. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Agency-Level Marketplace Apps Installation](/support/solutions/articles/155000001057-agency-level-marketplace-apps-installation)
  * [Managing Marketplace App Permissions: White Label Agency Control](/support/solutions/articles/155000001163-managing-marketplace-app-permissions-white-label-agency-control)
  * [How to resell Marketplace Apps](/support/solutions/articles/155000001220-how-to-resell-marketplace-apps)
  * [White Label Payment Provider Solution for NMI & Authorize.net](/support/solutions/articles/155000002747-white-label-payment-provider-solution-for-nmi-authorize-net)

## You may like to read -

  * [Set Up Your App Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000001217-set-up-your-app-pricing)
  * [New Discover button - Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/155000004025-new-discover-button-workflows)
  * [Managing Marketplace App Permissions: White Label Agency Control](/support/solutions/articles/155000001163-managing-marketplace-app-permissions-white-label-agency-control)
  * [White Label the Android App](/support/solutions/articles/48000982209-white-label-the-android-app)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
