Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
  4. [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  6. Conversations - Snippets

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Conversations - Snippets

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 11:30 AM

**Overview:**

Snippets is a powerful tool designed to save you time and effort by allowing you to store and reuse predefined text. Snippets enable you to quickly retrieve and insert frequently used messages into your communications. With recent upgrades, Snippets are now even easier to organize, search, and manage!

**Covered in this article:**

  * **How to create snippets**
  * **How to organize snippets**
  * **How to use snippets**

**How to create snippets:**

**1\. Once logged into the location/sub-account, click**Conversations** > **Snippets**. **

****  

**You can also access snippets from Marketing > Snippets. **

**2\. Click on Add Snippet. Select the snippet type - Email or Text.  **

****  

3\. Name the Snippet so it's easier to choose it from the dropdown list of snippets from the conversation tab. It's advisable to name it according to the FAQ it answers. (i.e., "Where are you located?", What are your operating hours?" etc.) Compose your snippet using Custom Values and Trigger Links if needed. The preview on the right shows you what it would look like as an SMS message when viewed on the phone.

5\. You can also enter your mobile number and click **Send Test** to test your snippet. You can test your email snippets by providing your email id. 

    Please Note: Please take note of the number of characters, number of segments and approximate cost of your snippet when sent as an SMS message.

6\. Once you're good with your snippet, Click **Save**.

**How to organize snippets:**

**1\. Once you create your snippets, you can organize them into folders. Select the snippets and click on Move to Folder.  **

****

2\. You can click on Folders tab, to view all the folders available.  

3\. Quickly locate the snippets by searching with snippet name or folder name or filter the snippets based on type of snippet - Email or Text. Click on the menu icon on right, to Move the snippet to Folder, Edit Snippet, Duplicate Snippet or Delete the Snippet. 

**How to use snippets:**

**1\. In Conversations, when sending a message, click on snippets icon. If you have organized your snippets into folders, folders will be displayed, else you will see list of snippets directly.  **

**2.**Select the snippet you want to use or search for snippet. Click on the snippet to use the snippet.  ****

********

****  
****

****3\. It will auto populate the snippet you composed and now you have the option to add to the message or send it right away by clicking  **Send**.****

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Unread VS Read - Must Manually Mark as Read](/support/solutions/articles/48000980858-unread-vs-read-must-manually-mark-as-read)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to CC (Carbon Copy) and BCC (Blind Carbon Copy) for email composer](/support/solutions/articles/155000000444-how-to-cc-carbon-copy-and-bcc-blind-carbon-copy-for-email-composer)
  * [Contact Engagement score](/support/solutions/articles/155000001251-contact-engagement-score)

## You may like to read -

  * [SMS Templates (Snippets) - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000981405-sms-templates-snippets-overview)
  * [WhatsApp: Send Message Templates (Snippets)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003069-whatsapp-send-message-templates-snippets-)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Message Templates (Snippets)](/support/solutions/articles/155000000890-message-templates-snippets-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
