Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Prospecting](/support/solutions/48000456113)
  4. [Prospecting](/support/solutions/folders/48000690261)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Prospecting](/support/solutions/48000456113)
     * [Prospecting](/support/solutions/folders/48000690261)
  6. How to find Leads for your business using Prospecting Tool

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to find Leads for your business using Prospecting Tool

Modified on: Fri, 23 Aug, 2024 at 2:52 AM

## **Lead Contact Details**

Agency users can access comprehensive lead information directly within the Point of Contacts section of the Prospecting Tool, including: 

  *  Lead Information: For each generated prospect, users can now access vital lead details such as their role, expertise, and more.
  * Social Media Profiles: Easily connect with prospects through their linked Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn profiles (if available).
  * Location Details: Gain insights into the geographical location of prospects, helping you tailor your outreach strategies effectively.
  * Contact Information: Access essential contact details including phone numbers and email addresses, streamlining your communication process.

 How to Access POC Details of a Prospect:

  * In the Agency View, go to "Prospecting" in the side navigation menu
  * Go to any Prospect Account in the Dashboard
  * Proceed to Point of contacts tab to view the Lead information

[](https://youtu.be/HQV2zJ04B0Y)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Generate Leads Using the HighLevel Prospecting Tool - The Ultimate Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001231875-how-to-generate-leads-using-the-highlevel-prospecting-tool-the-ultimate-guide)
  * [How to delete a prospect (Agency view)](/support/solutions/articles/155000000584-how-to-delete-a-prospect-agency-view-)
  * [PDF Download Option for Marketing Audit Reports](/support/solutions/articles/155000001065-pdf-download-option-for-marketing-audit-reports)
  * [Understanding the Conversion Rate in the Prospecting Tool](/support/solutions/articles/155000001355-understanding-the-conversion-rate-in-the-prospecting-tool)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Generate Leads Using the HighLevel Prospecting Tool - The Ultimate Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001231875-how-to-generate-leads-using-the-highlevel-prospecting-tool-the-ultimate-guide)
  * [Understanding the Differences Between Free and Premium Marketing Audit Reports](/support/solutions/articles/155000002405-understanding-the-differences-between-free-and-premium-marketing-audit-reports)
  * [Analytics Dashboard - Track and Optimise Your Performance](/support/solutions/articles/155000004044-analytics-dashboard-track-and-optimise-your-performance)
  * [Prospecting Tool: Create Prospecting Widgets For Your Websites](/support/solutions/articles/155000002737-prospecting-tool-create-prospecting-widgets-for-your-websites)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
