Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
  4. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  6. How to Share Documents and Contracts Templates

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Share Documents and Contracts Templates

Modified on: Wed, 12 Jun, 2024 at 8:54 AM

Agencies can share Document templates within different Sub-Accounts. This will also share the media library components used within the Document to the other sub-accounts.

How to Use?

  * Go to Templates Section of Documents and Contracts

  * Click on share within the hamburger menu for the template that you want

  * Select the Sub-account you want to share it to

Why This Feature?

  * This will help agency owners to minimize the effort needed to recreate certain reusable templates

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)
  * [Automatic invoice creation after Document/Contract is signed](/support/solutions/articles/155000001299-automatic-invoice-creation-after-document-contract-is-signed)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001300-multiple-recipient-support-on-documents-contracts)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use Documents and Contracts in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000002733-how-to-use-documents-and-contracts-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [Create document/contract templates and send them automatically inside a workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000001301-create-document-contract-templates-and-send-them-automatically-inside-a-workflow)
  * [How to Easily Replicate Documents and Contracts Setup Across Different Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002952-how-to-easily-replicate-documents-and-contracts-setup-across-different-accounts)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
