Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  6. Private Channels and Channel Emojis

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Private Channels and Channel Emojis

Modified on: Tue, 13 Aug, 2024 at 8:46 PM

We are excited to introduce new features for community groups: Private Channels and Channel Emojis. These features are available on both mobile and Web version, enhances privacy and customization options for your community.  

### **New Features**  

#### **Private Channels:**

One of the most awaited features is here. You can now create private channels within community groups to keep certain content private. Group admins and owners can create new private channels or convert existing public channels to private.

##### **How to Use:**

  1. **Create a New Private Channel:**

     * Create a new channel.
     * Toggle the switch to make the channel private.  

  2. **Convert an Existing Channel to Private:**

     * Open the channel settings.  

     * Go to the settings tab.  

     * Click on "Change to Private Channel."  

  3. **Add Members to a Private Channel:**

     * Open the channel settings again.  

     * Go to the members tab.  

     * Add members to the channel.  

     * You can assign a member as a channel manager, giving them admin access to that specific channel.  

##### **Things to Note:**

  * The group owner and channel creator are automatically added as channel managers.
  * A channel manager acts as an admin for that specific channel. Group roles like owner and group admin do not have significance within a private channel.
  * The group owner cannot leave a private channel.
  * Private channels will not be visible in the channel list to users who are not part of them.  

#### **Channel Emojis**

You can now add emojis as channel icons. This feature allows you to customize your channel icons, making them more fun and visually distinct.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to make your Groups private/ public in Communities?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000735-how-to-make-your-groups-private-public-in-communities-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Community workflow trigger & action - Grant/ Revoke Private Channel Access](/support/solutions/articles/155000003681-community-workflow-trigger-action-grant-revoke-private-channel-access)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [Schedule your Youtube Shorts and Videos in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000002838-schedule-your-youtube-shorts-and-videos-in-social-planner)
  * [How to use the Workflow Slack Premium Action?](/support/solutions/articles/48001238247-how-to-use-the-workflow-slack-premium-action-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
