Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to Upsell Products in Online Store checkouts?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Upsell Products in Online Store checkouts?

Modified on: Thu, 24 Oct, 2024 at 3:41 PM

About:

Store owners can now increase their average order value by upselling additional products after users complete their checkout. In a few clicks, store owners can build upsell funnels for their entire customer journey from Checkout Page to Thank You Page and maximize revenue on every sale.

How to use:

  1. Upsell page:

 Create a new page for Upsell along with the current store pages. Add a full width section and a row in it.
  2. Adding Upsell element:

 Click on Add Element button then drag and drop the Upsell element in the row. Store owners can add multiple upsell components in different columns in a row.
  3. Configuring the Upsell element:

 Select the upsell element to configure its settings.
    1. Store owners can enable or disable the shipping charges for each Upsell element by enabling/ disabling the toggle in the builder preview.
    2. In Upsell settings, user can Search & select the product. Then, Sale Action needs to be configured which decides the redirection after clicking on Buy now button. The redirection can be done to another upsell page or the Thank you page.

  4. Skip action for Upsell page: 

Upsell can be skipped by adding a Button whose Button action can be linked to Thank you page.
  5. Configuring checkout page: 

Sale Action has to be chosen as Go to page and Website page has to be selected as the newly created Upsell page.

Notes:

  * If the Upsell product is purchased, it will create a separate order.
  * Shipping options can be enabled or disabled for upsell products. If enabled, users can choose shipping rates from a dropdown in the Upsell component.
  * To skip the upsell page, a button must be added to redirect users to the Thank You page without requiring a purchase. Otherwise, users must complete a purchase to access the Thank You page.
  * For the best upselling experience, it's recommended to create a dedicated page featuring the Upsell element.

Images:

  * Adding Upsell Element:

  * Changing redirection of Checkout page to Upsell page:

  * Adding Skip button and its redirection in the builder:

Note:

Please add this step, else user will be stuck on Upsell page and needs to purchase an Upsell item to move to next step.

  * Enable Shipping for each Upsell product:

  * Select Product and redirection after upsell purchase:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How To Do In-App Upsell In Membership?](/support/solutions/articles/48001217227-how-to-do-in-app-upsell-in-membership-)
  * [Trigger - Order Submitted](/support/solutions/articles/155000003535-trigger-order-submitted)
  * [How To Do One-Click Upsell In Membership?](/support/solutions/articles/48001213776-how-to-do-one-click-upsell-in-membership-)
  * [Upsell products on funnels - Setup & Troubleshooting](/support/solutions/articles/48001162741-upsell-products-on-funnels-setup-troubleshooting)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
