Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Custom Widgets](/support/solutions/folders/155000000192)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Custom Widgets](/support/solutions/folders/155000000192)
  6. How Funnels and Stage distribution widgets work

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How Funnels and Stage distribution widgets work

Modified on: Thu, 15 Feb, 2024 at 10:59 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Funnel Widget
    * How to interpret Funnel widget data
  * Stage Distribution Widget

# **Funnel Widget**

A Funnel widget is designed to illustrate a step-by-step process in which data gradually funnels from one stage to another. This visualization is commonly employed to monitor the journey of leads or opportunities as they advance through different stages of a conversion or sales funnel.

You can easily switch between various funnels using the dropdown menu provided within the widget.

**Please note:**  

  * To access this widget, you need to have **Dashboard stats** permission enabled. Additionally, for a pipeline to be visible in the Funnel Chart, you must enable the '**Visible in Funnel Chart** ' toggle within Pipeline Settings.  

  * The opportunities **last_status_change_date** is considered while calculating the count in each stage on the chart instead of the "Created" date.  

## **How to interpret Funnel widget data**

The funnel widget shows sequential data of the current and the next stages in each section.

For example, Let's assume we have a pipeline with the following stages and data

**Stage 1: Registered** ➝ 229 Leads 

**Stage 2: Trial Purchased** ➝ 4 Leads 

**Stage 3: Lesson 1 Watched  **➝ 32 Leads 

**Stage 4: Lesson 2 Watched** ➝ 7 Leads 

**Stage 5: Lesson 3 Watched** ➝ 0 Leads 

Now on the funnel widget, we will see the data as follows

  * We will see 6 sections on the widget, 5 for each of our stages and a WON section at the end as it is the desired exit criteria for an opportunity
  * The first section (Registered) will show the total number of opportunities that entered the pipeline. In our case, it will show us 272 which is the total opportunities in the pipeline at any stage and with any status (open, lost, won or abandoned)
  * In the second section (Trial purchased), we move forward in the stage sequence and remove the opportunities that are still in the previous stage. Here we see 43, which is the total number of opportunities from this stage and onwards, including all WON opportunities in the pipeline
  * We always include Total won opportunities in the pipeline in all steps as it is the last step or desired exit criteria for all opportunities
  * You can refer to the below formula  
  
** __Number of  __**__opportunities**  in a section** = Number of opportunities from the current stage to the Last stage (including all WON opportunities in the pipeline)__  

  * Similarly in the third section, we see 43 opportunities (**32** in Lesson 1 Watched + **7** in Lesson 2 Watched + 0 in Lesson 3 Watched + **4** WON opportunities )
  * And so on, In the end, you can see the last stage, WON with the final opportunities with WON status
  * The cumulative conversion will be for Opportunities that have gone through all of the stages in the Widget, whereas the next step conversion will be specific to the stage above. 
  * Revenue in each section is calculated similarly in the sequential process for each stage

* * *

# **Stage Distribution Widget**

The stage distribution widget shows the number of OPEN opportunities in the individual stage. WON and LOST opportunities are shown separately. The conversion rate is calculated as the % of opportunities converted to the specific stage

You can always switch between different funnels on the widget with the funnel dropdown

****Please note:****

  * Dashboard stats permission needs to be enabled to view this widget and a pipeline can only be viewed by enabling the "Visible in Pie Chart" toggle in Pipeline Settings

* * *

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Adding a widget to the dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001206-adding-a-widget-to-the-dashboard)
  * [Customizing a widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000001207-customizing-a-widget)
  * [Edit widgets on the dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001208-edit-widgets-on-the-dashboard)
  * [Resize widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000001209-resize-widgets)

## You may like to read -

  * [Glossary](/support/solutions/articles/48001231169-glossary)
  * [All about Custom Widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000001212-all-about-custom-widgets)
  * [Step-by-Step Guide: Creating Pipelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001985-step-by-step-guide-creating-pipelines)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Pipeline Stage Changed](/support/solutions/articles/155000002493-workflow-trigger-pipeline-stage-changed)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
