Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. Ad Manager Permission and Pricing

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Ad Manager Permission and Pricing

Modified on: Mon, 26 Aug, 2024 at 5:25 AM

**How to enable the Ad Manager for sub-account?**

In order to see Ad Manager tab under Sub-Account > Marketing, the agency needs to first select a pricing model for Ad Manager(process explained in <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002999-how-to-resell-ad-manager-to-your-clients>) and enable it for the sub-account from the Agency left menu ➝ Sub-Accounts ➝ search for the sub-account from the list ➝ Click on the sub-account name or Manage client from the ellipses ➝ Reselling tab under the sub-account manage screen and toggle ON the 'Offer Ad Manager' option.

Ad Manager can be enabled for each sub-account from Labs. Before enabling the ad manager, it is expected to choose a pricing model and better to set the resell margins.  

**How to enable the permission for Ad Manager for User?**

Ad Manager can be enabled in sub-account by giving permission to the staff team member. Go to the Settings > Teams > edit the permission of specific team member, in the option of roles and permission there will be option to enable the checkbox of Ad Manager.   

###   
**Pricing, Reselling and Permission**

Ad Manager provides capability to resell it to the sub-account at specific percentage of commission. The commission percentage is 0-15% that agencies can charge extra to the sub-accounts for the 'Default Ad Manager' pricing option. The default commission percentage for agency is 10%.  

**How to enable Ad Manager for Reselling for new sub-accounts?**

  1. Go to Agency View
  2. Go to Reselling option in the sidebar menu
  3. In the core service, scroll down on the right side there is option for Ad Manager
  4. Agency can set up commission from 0-15%, for any new subaccount create will have the feature enabled by default with the mentioned commission. The agency can adjust the commission from sub-account view as well for each one.

For example, user selects the Default Ad Manager pricing model and user in sub-account runs the ad for 1000$ monthly subscription. 

Monthly charge to customer: $1000.00

HL monthly charge: $ 95.00

Used towards Ad (approx):$855.00 when the agency has set the commission at 5%

Monthly profit: $50.00

**How to enable Ad Manager for Reselling for old subaccounts before launch?**

  1. Go to Agency View
  2. Go to Sub-Account option in the sidebar menu
  3. Search the Subaccount where you wish to enable the Ad manager reselling option
  4. Click on the name of subaccount
  5. Go to the reselling tab  

  6. Scroll down to look for Ad Manager 
  7. Agency can adjust the commission percentage for Ad Manager

User can also check how many ad campaign are running and how much monthly budget you are generating by visiting the Agency Settings > Billing > Subscription.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [Connect Facebook with Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003044-connect-facebook-with-ad-manager)
  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Ad Manager pricing plans: Key points and differences](/support/solutions/articles/155000003501-ad-manager-pricing-plans-key-points-and-differences)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
