Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Issue Certificates: Triggers and Actions

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Issue Certificates: Triggers and Actions

Modified on: Mon, 8 Jul, 2024 at 9:36 AM

The Issue Certificates Triggers and Actions in Workflows allows you to send certificates or take an action when a certificate is already issued

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Prerequisite for using WhatsApp under Workflows
  * Setting up a workflow automation for Certificates
    * Triggers
    * Actions

# Setting up a workflow automation for Certificates

## **Triggers**

To add a **Certificate Issued** Trigger, go to "Automations" > "Workflows" > click the "Create a Workflow" button at the top right of the screen. Then, click "Add New Trigger" and search for the "Certificate Issued" trigger.

## **Actions**

To add a**  Issue Certificate** Action, go to "Automations" > "Workflows" > click the "Create a Workflow" button at the top right of the screen. Then, click "Add New Action" and search for the "Issue Certificate" action.

    Note: All certificates issued via Workflows will show up in Membership > Certificates > Issued Certificates, for easy references.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Configure the Workflow AI Action?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000209-how-to-configure-the-workflow-ai-action-)
  * [Create a Template](/support/solutions/articles/155000001235-create-a-template)
  * [Issue certificates on Course Completion](/support/solutions/articles/155000001236-issue-certificates-on-course-completion)
  * [How to enable and rebill LC Premium Triggers & Actions for Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001231559-how-to-enable-and-rebill-lc-premium-triggers-actions-for-workflows)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
