Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to sell products on Facebook and Instagram Shops?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to sell products on Facebook and Instagram Shops?

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 10:39 AM

About:

Store owners can now effortlessly publish and sync products from their Highlevel Ecommerce stores to Meta Commerce, enabling sales through Facebook and Instagram Shops. With powerful sales and marketing tools available, store owners can easily promote products and target audiences. Automatically sync inventory to Facebook and Instagram shop, allowing users to manage a single inventory and seamlessly run ads across both platforms.

How to use:

Creating a Facebook Shop:

Store owners can create a shop in Meta Commerce Manager if they don't already have one. Visit Meta Commerce Manager to get started. Within the Business Portfolio, click on "Add Account" in the Commerce Accounts section to set up a shop

**In Highlevel:**

  1. To use this feature, the 

Multiple Facebook Pages

 feature should be enabled from Labs which can be found under 

Sub-account Settings -> Labs

  2. Access Integration:

 Navigate to Sub-account Settings > Integrations > Facebook & Instagram to access the integration.
  3. First-Time Connection:

 For those connecting for the first time, store owners must link their Facebook account and grant the necessary permissions. After this, they can select the Facebook/Instagram Shop pages they wish to connect with their Highlevel E-commerce Stores in the "Manage Pages" section.
  4. Reconnection for existing Facebook/ Instagram integration users:

  * This integration will be only available in the multiple Facebook feature, hence it should be enabled under Labs Section
  * In order to enable Shops, the users need to disconnect and reconnect the integration
  * Before re-connecting the integration, the LeadConnector integration should be removed in Facebook side as well. It can be found under 

Facebook Profile --> settings & privacy --> Settings --> Search

 for 

"business integrations"

.
  * Upon connecting again, the Shops should get enabled
  * If the necessary scope is not present, then an error state will be shown that the Catalog Management is disabled

  5. Connect Pages to Stores:

 Once the desired shop pages are selected, store owners can link them to their Ecommerce stores through the "Messenger Settings" in the Facebook and Instagram Integration card. The Shops tab will display the selected pages, which need to be connected to the respective stores for product publishing and syncing.
  6. Product Sync Control:

 Store owners have the option to enable or disable product sync for each page as required.

Notes:

  * The Facebook Page should have Product Catalog connected to it, in order for the product sync to happen
  * The Facebook Page should have the category called "E-commerce Website" in order for it to get listed in Shops section
  * The Facebook Page categories can be managed by visiting the Facebook Page and then going to the "About" section of the page. Under 

"Contact and basic info"

, 

Categories

 will be present
  * The Facebook Page should be connected to a Highlevel store under Shops section, in order for the sync to take place
  * Only one time products will get synced to Meta marketplace, Recurring products are not supported in Meta Marketplace
  * If track Inventory is disabled or if the

 "continue selling out of stock" 

will set the inventory quantity to 999 as inventory is mandatory in Meta Commerce Manager

Images:

  * Enabling facebook integration from labs:

  * Facebook integration on Integrations page:

  * Choose your shop pages through "Manage pages":

  * Mapping stores to facebook pages in 

Settings > Shops

:

  * Product syncing from GHL to Meta commerce:

Meta product catalogue:

  * Example of Facebook shop:

  * Example of Instagram shop:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Facebook Conversion Leads Walkthrough](/support/solutions/articles/48001233833-facebook-conversion-leads-walkthrough)
  * [Facebook Lead Ad Integration & Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48000987779-facebook-lead-ad-integration-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [Troubleshooting Facebook Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001220950-troubleshooting-facebook-ad-reporting)
  * [How to connect your Instagram business or creator account with your Facebook account?](/support/solutions/articles/48001213003-how-to-connect-your-instagram-business-or-creator-account-with-your-facebook-account-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
