Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Automatically Calculate Sales Tax Based on Location

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Automatically Calculate Sales Tax Based on Location

Modified on: Tue, 13 Aug, 2024 at 9:23 PM

Business users will now be able to calculate taxes automatically for their customers based on address details entered during checkout and type of product purchased.

This is applicable on all payments being made on order forms (including selling membership courses), online stores, invoices and payment links. The tax will be dynamically calculated based on the customer state and zip code along with the product category.

This works only if the business has enabled address collection during checkout or has a saved address in the contact details in case of payments being made on invoices. Do not forget to turn on address fields to make tax calculation work accurately.

This works dynamically only for people selling in the US. For other countries, we already support manual tax rates which can be directly attached to products and added to subtotal while checkout.

Automatic tax calculations can be enabled under Payments -> Settings -> Taxes using the toggle to enable automatic tax calculation. Businesses will be required to select the nexus addresses/states where they want to collect taxes along with defining a default product tax category which acts as the default category for all your products.

Specific product tax categories for individual products can also be defined separate from the default category while creating or editing products under Payments -> Products.

Taxes are applicable for both one-time and recurring products and breakdown on the amount paid will be available on the order details and transaction details page.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How-to add Taxes Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001224104-how-to-add-taxes-overview)
  * [Why Use Affiliate Automations?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003662-why-use-affiliate-automations-)
  * [Action - Math Operation](/support/solutions/articles/48001216182-action-math-operation)
  * [Sales & Use Tax FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001219101-sales-use-tax-faq)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
