Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Smartlists](/support/solutions/folders/155000000199)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Smartlists](/support/solutions/folders/155000000199)
  6. AND/OR Filters

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# AND/OR Filters

Modified on: Wed, 8 Nov, 2023 at 3:25 PM

## 

## More Tutorials From the Community

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuOt3UZtTLk>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91ofxLNhEbQ>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIPIWcKI_JY>

There are 3 types of configuration available for contact filtering. They help create every type of filtered view required to visualize and understand your contacts

**In This Article**

    * AND condition
    * OR Condition
    * AND and OR Combined

* * *

## AND condition

Every AND condition must be met for each contact this is available in that smart list.

Example: Contacts with a specific tag also having both an email AND a phone

## OR Condition

At least one OR condition must be met for each contact that is available in that smartlist.

Example: Contacts having either an email OR a phone OR having a certain tag

## AND and OR Combined

Groups of AND filters can be used with the OR condition among them for higher customization in filtering.

Example: Contact having both an email AND phone OR just an address

    All the internal operators like IS, IS NOT, IS EMPTY, IS NOT EMPTY, CONTAINS, DOES NOT CONTAIN etc are not available for all filter fields yet. 

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [AND/OR Filters](/support/solutions/articles/155000001247-and-or-filters)

## You may like to read -

  * [Advanced Filters for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004013-advanced-filters-for-custom-objects)
  * [Getting Started with Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/155000002288-getting-started-with-workflows)
  * [What is email Bounce Suspension, and how to avoid it](/support/solutions/articles/48001214786-what-is-email-bounce-suspension-and-how-to-avoid-it)
  * [Best Practices for SMS deliverability and Avoiding SMS Restrictions](/support/solutions/articles/155000000079-best-practices-for-sms-deliverability-and-avoiding-sms-restrictions)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
