Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  6. WhatsApp Display name guidelines

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# WhatsApp Display name guidelines

Modified on: Fri, 6 Sep, 2024 at 9:11 AM

This article helps businesses on the WhatsApp Business platform understand the rules for creating a compliant and effective display name.

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Compliance with Policies
  * Accurate representation of your business
    * A display name should represent:
    * A display name should not be:

* * *

If you're operating on the WhatsApp Business platform, you know how crucial it is to maintain professionalism and clarity in your interactions with customers. One key aspect of this is your display name, the first thing customers see when engaging with your business on WhatsApp. To ensure smooth communication and compliance with WhatsApp's policies, it's essential to understand and adhere to display name guidelines. Below, we've outlined these guidelines to help you create a display name that represents your business accurately and effectively.

# **Compliance with Policies**

Your display name should align with WhatsApp [Commerce](https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/commerce-policy/?fbclid=IwAR18CbdCVq89fPh0naMLuf6qvICP2x0FZPSPUk2oZ_lUNf-qKgbo2hUZmHY) and [Business](https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/business-policy/?fbclid=IwAR0r5k_N1rCYnfK8yyCWUP3D88tVCR814x9UX-w5EIcu8ai8b8is8ilrAQY) policies. This means it should accurately represent your business without violating any regulations. 

An example for a shop that sells a variety of sporting goods:

**Accepted:** Sarah's Sporting Goods Shop

**Not accepted:** Sarah's Sporting Goods Shop - Guns department

# **Accurate representation of your business**

##   

## A display name should represent:

  * A business or its service, product or department.
  * A test account or a demo account and it must maintain an association to the business
    * For example Fresh Produce Test

## A display name should not be:

  * ## 

A generic term
    * For example: Fashion
  * A generic geographic location
    * For example: New York
  * Appearing to have verification
    * For example: Official or verified shouldn't be in the name
  * Contain the name of a Meta product
    * For example: WhatsApp, Facebook, Messenger

An organisation with a government affiliation needs the WhatsApp team's approval.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)

## You may like to read -

  * [WhatsApp Media Templates](/support/solutions/articles/155000002330-whatsapp-media-templates)
  * [How to create a WhatsApp Template?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000861-how-to-create-a-whatsapp-template-)
  * [WhatsApp Business Profile Management](/support/solutions/articles/155000002349-whatsapp-business-profile-management)
  * [Template Categorisation Guidelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001058-template-categorisation-guidelines)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
