Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Contacts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000198)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000198)
  6. Contacts: Sync Attachments to Document Management Tab

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Contacts: Sync Attachments to Document Management Tab

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 9:43 AM

With this update, users can now seamlessly sync attachments from conversations across Email, SMS, Instagram, and Facebook channels directly to the Contact's Document Management.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What’s New?
  * Why This Feature?

## **What’s New?**

  * For Attachments on the Message: Effortlessly sync all attachments received in messages to the Contact's Document Management system. Just click the three dots on a message containing attachments and select "Add to Documents."
  * Attachment During sending message: You can also sync attachments while sending SMS and Email messages by simply checking the "Add to Documents" checkbox.

## **Why This Feature?**

Contact's Documents should be the One Stop solution to access and store for all docs and files related to a contact. Attachments are a significant source of important files. Now, users can easily sync these files to the contact's Documents section for streamlined access. The Documents Section offers robust functionality, including search, download, and preview features, along with other document-related capabilities. Our goal is to provide a single point of access for managing all documents associated with a contact, making document management more efficient and user-friendly.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Contact Type](/support/solutions/articles/155000001302-contact-type)
  * [Followers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001362-followers)
  * [Internal Tasks for your Team](/support/solutions/articles/155000001703-internal-tasks-for-your-team)
  * [Workflow - Adding and Removing Followers for Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002109-workflow-adding-and-removing-followers-for-contacts)

## You may like to read -

  * [Two Way Email Sync for Outlook](/support/solutions/articles/48001229663-two-way-email-sync-for-outlook)
  * [Easy Management of Documents and Contracts within Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002526-easy-management-of-documents-and-contracts-within-contacts)
  * [How to Set Up Two Way Email Sync for Gmail](/support/solutions/articles/48001235216-how-to-set-up-two-way-email-sync-for-gmail)
  * [How to sell products on Facebook and Instagram Shops?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004055-how-to-sell-products-on-facebook-and-instagram-shops-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
