Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  6. WhatsApp Bulk Action

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# WhatsApp Bulk Action

Modified on: Thu, 16 May, 2024 at 4:16 PM

WhatsApp's Bulk Action feature allows users to effortlessly launch large-scale WhatsApp campaigns and gain valuable insights through open and delivery rate tracking

[Check out release notes here](https://highlevel.canny.io/changelog/whatsapp-bulk-action-and-other-enhancements)

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to send Bulk WhatsApp Messages
  * Campaign Statistics Explained
    * Total
    * Pending
    * Sent
    * Delivered
    * Read
    * Error
    * Skipped
  * FAQs
    * Q: What will happen if my Meta Messaging Limit is breach during an ongoing WhatsApp bulk action
    * Q: What is the rate limit for sending WhatsApp bulk messages on GoHighLevel
    * Q: What is Meta Messaging Limit
    * Q: What happens if my Tier Quota is complete
    * Q: How can I check my current messaging limits?
    * Q. What is a quality rating, and how does it affect my messaging limit?
    * Q How to maintain High Quality Rating

* * *

# How to send Bulk WhatsApp Messages

**Step 1:  **Select all the contacts you wish you send WhatsApp template. 

Note: You can create smartlists and send WhatsApp messages to everyone at once

**Step 2:** Select the **WhatsApp** Icon to Bulk Send WhatsApp

**Step 3:** Select the WhatsApp template you wish to send. Add the action name for referring at a later stage and to check WhatsApp campaign statistics

    Please note: Only **Approved** templates will be visible under "Select WhatsApp templates"

**Step 4:  **Check progress

Step 5: Check campaign statistics

    Please note that once the Meta Messaging Limit is breached, remaining WhatsApp messages will not be sent. Make sure that you do not breach the message limit set by Meta on your WhatsApp number when triggering Bulk WhatsApp action. Ensure that the contacts selected are within the 24 hour messaging limit. [Learn More](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/messaging-limits/)

# Campaign Statistics Explained

## **Total**

Represents the total number of contacts for which the bulk action was performed

## **Pending**

Represents the total number of contacts for which the WhatsApp message is yet to be triggered

## **Sent**

This denotes the total count of contacts to whom WhatsApp messages have been sent  

## **Delivered**

Represents the total number of contacts who received the WhatsApp message

## **Read**

Represents the total number of contacts who read the WhatsApp message. 

## **Error**

Represents the total number of contacts where an error was encountered. These could range from the contact not being on WhatsApp to Template being blacklisted or WhatsApp account being blocked on Meta

## **Skipped**

Represents the total number of contacts which were skipped from the bulk action. These could include when the contacts have DND enabled or contacts have missing phone number

#   

# FAQs

## Q: What will happen if my Meta Messaging Limit is breach during an ongoing WhatsApp bulk action

The bulk action will throw an error for contacts for which messaging limit was breached

## Q: What is the rate limit for sending WhatsApp bulk messages on GoHighLevel

The WhatsApp messages will be sent at the rate of 1000 messages per hour

## Q: What is Meta Messaging Limit

Messaging limits on Meta control the maximum number of new, business-initiated conversations you can start with customers within a 24-hour rolling period.

## Q: What happens if my Tier Quota is complete

If your Tier Quota is complete, you will no longer be able to initiate additional business conversations until the quota resets.

## Q: How can I check my current messaging limits?

You can check your current messaging limits on Meta by going to WhatsApp Manager > Overview Dashboard > Insights tab.

## Q. What is a quality rating, and how does it affect my messaging limit?

Your quality rating reflects how well customers receive your messages over a 7-day period. Factors like user blocks, reports, and reasons for blocking impact this rating. A "Low" quality rating can decrease your messaging limit.

## Q How to maintain High Quality Rating

  * Make sure messages follow the [WhatsApp Business Policy](https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/business-policy/?fbclid=IwAR3yDsNgje8Ks7_mm7uCNbCirZ7VD8eR5_1u6cQYqbF7cIB_e3eSZfzXxZc) and [Commerce Policy](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.whatsapp.com%2Flegal%2Fcommerce-policy%2F%3Ffbclid%3DIwAR3Sp4288z3r4lfjFgOwVzAaQj0iy0VZQxmDjuZFRgJR5ne1vJdqyEoC9KM&h=AT0nmsNykL5GCpxSlH5zjP9xRZ5JjgE5Jrlxk91m_QQTT0h-p0S_9JEqfLDCuwLTxJ336WYmForqeo_BSqaLBkuRpFatpZl_snkX76GX4II6gjXy5IKElCjDix9ZdbTH8OTbW6BdDAH5QtL6FytQVJh_r4c).

  * Only send messages to users who have opted into receiving messages from your business.
  * Make the messages highly personalized and useful to users. Avoid sending open-ended welcome or introductory messages.
  * Be mindful of messaging frequency; avoid sending customers too many messages a day. Be thoughtful of informational messages, optimizing for content and length.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)

## You may like to read -

  * [WhatsApp Media Templates](/support/solutions/articles/155000002330-whatsapp-media-templates)
  * [Sub-Account Transfers: Transfer Sub-account to an Existing Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000002031-sub-account-transfers-transfer-sub-account-to-an-existing-agency)
  * [Action - WhatsApp](/support/solutions/articles/155000003531-action-whatsapp)
  * [WhatsApp: Workflow Statistics](/support/solutions/articles/155000003567-whatsapp-workflow-statistics)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
