Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  6. Enhancing Communities to Give Owners More Options

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Enhancing Communities to Give Owners More Options

Modified on: Thu, 19 Sep, 2024 at 9:08 AM

We’re excited to bring you some self help options in this release that will make your communities experience better.

## **New Features:**

  * **Transfer Ownership:** Now owner of the group can transfer the ownership to other members of the agency who have access to the location.
    * Example Use Case: My business focuses on building community groups on behalf of clients and then transferring ownership to them. This way, the clients become the owners of the groups, and my name does not appear as creator.
  * **Login As:** As an agency or account user/owner, you can now login into a group as a specific contact from the list of associated contacts for an agency user
    * The contacts list will be shown when there are more than 1 contacts associated with an agency/location user.
    * Clicking on any contact from the list will log in to the group as that specific contact.

  *  **Contact links:** Clicking on the Owner name in the group card will open the contact smartlist page for the owner.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to make your Groups private/ public in Communities?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000735-how-to-make-your-groups-private-public-in-communities-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Ban Members and Report Content in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002885-how-to-ban-members-and-report-content-in-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [Paid Courses inside Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002135-paid-courses-inside-communities)
  * [How to Enhance Your Images in the Funnel and Website Builder with the Image Action Feature](/support/solutions/articles/155000003106-how-to-enhance-your-images-in-the-funnel-and-website-builder-with-the-image-action-feature)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
