Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. Ad Manager pricing plans: Key points and differences

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Ad Manager pricing plans: Key points and differences

Modified on: Sun, 6 Oct, 2024 at 4:38 AM

In this article, we will be discussing in detail about the key points and differences between the two pricing plans offered to use Ad Manager. This will broaden the information spectrum with respect to what each plan offers and help users to make an informed choice as it is a one time change and cannot be changed once a pricing plan is selected.

* * *

## **TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What is Ad Manager?
  * What are the two pricing plans for Ad Manager?
  * How are both the pricing models different from each other?  

* * *

## **What is Ad Manager?**

An easy, simple to use platform to create, manage and analyse paid ads ideal to grown your business by increasing its visibility and reach to the masses.

Using our Ad Manager platform that supports Facebook Ads, you can generate new leads with simple ad creation and seamless syncing of leads or increase traffic on your website. It is an easy three step ad campaign creation process, all without leaving Ad Manager, right from connecting your Facebook account to publishing an ad campaign. 

##   

## **What are the two pricing plans for Ad Manager?**

There are two pricing plans namely "**Default Ad Manager** " and "**Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager** " out of which user needs to select any one to start using Ad Manager. 

    Selection of the pricing plan is the first step in the Ad Manager journey.

To select any one of the pricing plans, an agency admin needs to go to Agency view > Reselling and opt for either of the two plans.

    In order to learn more on how to resell Ad Manager, refer [How to Re-sell Ad Manager to your Clients](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002999-how-to-resell-ad-manager-to-your-clients)

  1. **Default Ad Manager:**  
  
Perfect for businesses whose ads are not currently being managed via Meta Business Manager - just create campaigns, set the budget, and publish! Agency can add between 0-15% markup on the ad spend budget and HighLevel will charge 10% of the remaining ad spend after your markup.  
System creates new child business manager under our own Business Manager and we automate the processes of UTMs/Conversion APIs. Clients will not have access to the business manager and all its assets.  

        **Note:  **Once a Facebook account is successfully connected to one location, a child BM is created which is associated to the connected FB account so even if you disconnect Facebook integration from that location, you will not be able to connect the same Facebook account with another location as a child BM already exists for that Facebook account.

  2. **Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager  ****:**  
  
Perfect for agencies already using Meta Business Manager who want to charge a flat monthly price to clients for Ad services. You pay a flat $97/month (or $970/year) to HighLevel for unlimited campaigns in all sub-accounts, you set a flat monthly price for your sub-accounts to pay in order to use Ad Manager or choose to offer as part of your SaaS plan.  
Under this option, you can connect your own Meta Ad account and have access to the associated business manager along with all the assets. 

* * *

## **How are both the pricing models different from each other?**

The differences between Default Ad Manager and Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager are enlisted as follows with specific categorisation:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [Ad Manager Permission and Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000002440-ad-manager-permission-and-pricing)
  * [Connect Facebook with Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003044-connect-facebook-with-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
