Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. Ad Manager: Create Ad campaigns using templates

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Ad Manager: Create Ad campaigns using templates

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 9:58 AM

In this article, we will be discussing in detail about the template library integration with Ad Manager and ways to:  
1\. Create campaigns using templates from template library  
2\. Save an existing campaign as a template and upload to template library

and briefly illustrate where an agency user or admin can find Ad Manager under Template Library.

* * *

## **TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Where is Ad Manager in Template Library?
    * Benefits of the using templates in Ad Manager
  * How to create a campaign using templates?
  * How to create a template out of an existing campaign?

## **Where is Ad Manager in Template Library?**

In agency view, under Template Library section, an Ad Manager tab is added to see all the templates specific to ad manager. Users can filter the templates based on ad campaign objectives, i.e. Lead Generation and Website Traffic. Going forward as and when new objectives will be added to the campaign creation flow, the same will be shown as filters in Template Library.

### **Benefits of the using templates in Ad Manager**

There are several benefits of using templates to create Ad campaigns:

  * **Saves Time and Effort:** The pre-designed ad templates in the Template Library help users save time and effort in creating ad campaigns. Users don't have to start from scratch while creating an ad campaign.
  * **High-Quality Designs:** The templates in the library come with high-quality stock images and content that users can freely use to create professional-looking ad campaigns. This helps users to create a consistent and polished brand image.
  * **User-Friendly:  **The Template Library feature is user-friendly and easy to use. Users can filter templates based on their business needs and preview each template before selecting it.
  * **Customisable:  **While the templates provide a good base for creating ad campaigns, users can still customise them to suit their needs. They can change the images, colours, and content to create a unique design that fits their brand.
  * **Cost-Effective and Accessible:** Creating custom designs or hiring a designer can be expensive. The Template Library feature offers users a cost-effective alternative to creating high-quality ad campaigns. This makes it accessible to small business owners, freelancers, and marketers who may not have a large budget for design.

* * *

## **How to create a campaign using templates?**

Below mentioned are the steps to be followed in order to create a campaign using Ad Manager templates housed in template library.

  1. In Ad Manager home screen, the existing "Create Campaign" button is made a dropdown with two options: 'Start from Scratch' and 'Ad Manager Templates'.  

  2. Click on 'Start from Scratch' and the existing flow to create an ad campaign begins.
  3. Click on 'Ad Manager Templates' and a screen pops open to show all the templates.  

  4. User selects any one of the template to see a preview of the same and on click of 'Continue' the process of adding the template begins.  

  5. An ad campaign gets created with all the details pre-filled giving user an option to check the details, assign a Facebook form to the campaign if the objective is lead generation and proceed to publish the ad campaign.  

    **Please Note** : Every time a campaign is created using templates, it will not have the following things associated with the campaign and user need to enter it manually before proceeding to publish a campaign:

  1.     There will be no page associated to the newly created campaign and once user click on edit campaign, the page which is set as the default page will be assigned to this campaign which can be changed by the user if desired.

  2.     As there will be no page designated to the campaign, it means that the form to be used for 'Lead Generation' objective needs to be selected by the user manually.

* * *

## **How to create a template out of an existing campaign?**

Catering to the fact that there might be some exceptional campaigns that have outperformed and deserves to be saved as templates for future campaign creation process or you want to allow users of different sub-account to use the format of this campaign. In order to do that, below is a list of steps to be followed to create a template out of a campaign:  

  1. Out of the list of existing campaigns, user can choose to select any of the campaign to be used as a template by clicking on the ellipses of that campaign and select 'Upload to Template Library'.  

  2. A dialog pops open, fill in the template name and which category this template will belongs. As category is an important step to have distinctive templates, if one doesn't exist, it can be created under Template Library settings.  

  3. Click on 'Upload' and the campaign will be saved as a draft template.
  4. On click of 'Upload', a screen showcasing the draft template opens up which can be modified if needed and saved as draft or can be published as a template.  

    Note: In order to learn and create templates from Agency admin screen, refer [How to Manage and Create Templates from the Admin Screen](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002959-how-to-manage-and-create-templates-from-the-admin-screen) help article.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [Inclusion of Ad Manager in Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/155000003286-inclusion-of-ad-manager-in-snapshots)
  * [Ad Manager pricing plans: Key points and differences](/support/solutions/articles/155000003501-ad-manager-pricing-plans-key-points-and-differences)
  * [Ad Manager settings](/support/solutions/articles/155000003051-ad-manager-settings)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001219312-how-to-set-up-google-ad-reporting)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
