Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  6. How to load Snapshots with Dashboards

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to load Snapshots with Dashboards

Modified on: Wed, 24 Apr, 2024 at 2:31 AM

Now agency users can save time during onboarding and provide their locations with pre-configured dashboards as they begin. This enhancement allows agencies to create snapshots of their  dashboard setup in one account and easily load it into other existing or new locations, applying all configurations seamlessly.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

      * Step 1: Navigate to Account Snapshots
      * Step 2: Create New Snapshot
      * Step 3: Save Snapshot
      * Step 4: Choose Target Location
      * Step 5: Load Snapshot
      * Step 6: Select Dashboards
      * Step 7: Confirm and Proceed
      * Step 8: View Loaded Dashboards
  * Important Notes

* * *

### **Step 1: Navigate to Account Snapshots**

  * Head over to Agency View and navigate to the Account Snapshots page.  

### **Step 2: Create New Snapshot**

  * Click on "**Create New Snapsho** t" and give it a name. Choose the source account where your desired setup is located.

### **Step 3: Save Snapshot**

  * Once saved, you'll see your snapshot added to the list.

### **Step 4: Choose Target Location**

  * Now, you can either create a new account to load this snapshot into or choose an existing Sub account from the list.

### **Step 5: Load Snapshot**

  * Click on "Actions" and then "Load Snapshot". Search for the snapshot you want to load.

### **Step 6: Select Dashboards**

  * In the asset list, locate the dashboard category and choose all the dashboards you want to load.

  *     **Private Dashboards Exclusion:** Private dashboards are not included in the snapshot asset list. Ensure that the required dashboards are not private to include them in the snapshots.

### **Step 7: Confirm and Proceed**

  * Confirm your selection and proceed with the loading process.

  * You will be notified once the snapshot is successfully loaded.

### **Step 8: View Loaded Dashboards**

  * Head over to the target location, and you'll find the dashboards loaded in the dashboard list.

* * *

# Important Notes:

    **Include Linked Assets:** Dashboards are loaded with all widgets, conditions, filters, and custom widgets. However, make sure to include other assets linked to dashboard widgets (e.g., custom values and pipelines). Failure to do so may result in an error message on specific dashboards, indicating missing properties. Edit each highlighted widget to correct the properties and save to remove the error.

* * *

## **Note:**** **

_Wondering which plan unlocks the customizable multiple Dashboards?_

It's currently available exclusively for the $497 plan and beyond. If you're on the $97 or $297 plan, we recommend leveling up to unlock this feature. 

* * *

## **What's Next:**

  * [Edit widgets on the dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001208)
  * [Adding widgets on the dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001206)
  * [How to manage permissions for a dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001532)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Dashboard: Opportunities, Pipeline Value, Conversion Rate, Funnel, Stages Distribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001152117-dashboard-opportunities-pipeline-value-conversion-rate-funnel-stages-distribution)
  * [Dashboard Funnel chart opportunities explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181826-dashboard-funnel-chart-opportunities-explained)
  * [Lead source report explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181830-lead-source-report-explained)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Easily Replicate Documents and Contracts Setup Across Different Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002952-how-to-easily-replicate-documents-and-contracts-setup-across-different-accounts)
  * [Inclusion of Ad Manager in Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/155000003286-inclusion-of-ad-manager-in-snapshots)
  * [Import Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982581-import-snapshots)
  * [IP Protected Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/155000002852-ip-protected-snapshots)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
