Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Communities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000024)
  6. How to Ban Members and Report Content in Communities

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Ban Members and Report Content in Communities

Modified on: Thu, 25 Jul, 2024 at 3:53 PM

## **New Features:**

  1. Ban members

 Now members can be banned from a group by the group Admins and Owners. And the banned member will be removed from the group and banned from joining the group again, revoking their abilities to perform any tasks that a regular member of the group can.
  2. Report content

 Any post or comment can now be reported by users. Group Admins can access the reported content list and decide wether to keep or remove the reported post/comment and take action on it.

Group admins will also receive Email, in app notifications and push notifications, for any content that is reported.

## **Here's how to access these Features:**

### **Ban members (On Web)**

  * Go to members tab
  * Click on "More options icon" (or ellipsis icon) of the user which you want to Ban and then click on "Ban from group"

### **Ban members (On Mobile)**

  * On the communities Homepage, if you are an admin, you should see a "Manage" button.
  * Click on "Manage" button
  * And then click on Members from communities settings page
  * Click on "More options icon" (or ellipsis icon) of the user which you want to Ban and then click on "Ban from group"

### **Access Reported Content (On Web)**

  * On communities homepage, click on Settings and then choose the "Reported content" Tab.
  * It will list the reported content if any, with "Keep" and "Remove" options for you to take appropriate action.

### **Access Reported Content (On Mobile)**

  * On the communities Homepage, If you are admin, you should see a "Manage" button.
  * Click on "Manage" button
  * And then click on "To Review" from communities settings page
  * It will list the reported content if any, with "Keep" and "Remove" options for you to take appropriate action.
  * Report content
  * To report a post or a comment, click on the "More options icon" (or ellipsis icon) of the said post or a comment, and click on "Report"

Members will receive a toast notification stating that the Content has been reported.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to make your Groups private/ public in Communities?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000735-how-to-make-your-groups-private-public-in-communities-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Content Management in Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000297-content-management-in-communities)
  * [How to Setup, Customize, and Manage Your Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000280-how-to-setup-customize-and-manage-your-communities)
  * [How to Manage Members Inside groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000000289-how-to-manage-members-inside-groups)
  * [How to make your Groups private/ public in Communities?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000735-how-to-make-your-groups-private-public-in-communities-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
