Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Updating Contact Properties](/support/solutions/folders/155000000911)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Updating Contact Properties](/support/solutions/folders/155000000911)
  6. Associating Contacts using Custom Labels

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Associating Contacts using Custom Labels

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 12:16 PM

This feature allows users to associate multiple contacts with one another using custom labels. This is particularly useful for businesses that need to manage relationships between contacts, such as family members or business associates. If you are looking to streamline communication and data organization for linked contacts, the information below will guide you through the key functionalities, benefits, and how to effectively use this feature.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Feature 1 - Creating Associations
    * Feature 2 - Linking and Viewing Linked Contacts

* * *

## Feature 1 - Creating Associations

Users can associate two or more contacts by using custom labels. This functionality is accessible in the contact details page by selecting the “Associate Contact” option. Supported labels include relationships such as “Parent,” “Spouse,” “Business Partner,” etc.

    Creating and Updating Association Labels is only available for Admin roles.

  * **How to Create Associations:**
    1. Navigate to Settings > Objects > Contacts.
    2. Click on "+ Create Association"  

    3. Create a custom single label (e.g., Partner, Spouse) or Pair of labels (e.g. Husband - Wife, Manager - Employee) and click on Save  

    4. The association label is now created.  

    5. The association label can be edited or deleted by clicking on the kebab (3 dots) menu on the right  

    Deleting an association label is a permanent and irreversible change. User has to delete all associations created using the same label for deleting the association label.

    There can be upto 10 association labels between two contacts. 

    Currently all association labels are Many to Many in nature. Other limits are coming soon.

## Feature 2 - Linking and Viewing Linked Contacts

Once contacts are linked, you can view associated contacts and the labels used for association. Linked contacts will be displayed in the contact details page under a dedicated section.

  * **How to View Linked Contacts:**
    * Open a contact's detail view and in the right panel, go to "Associations" option
    * Click on "Add" near Contacts to start associating a new contact.   

    * Select the contact and add labels for associating the two. You can select one or multiple labels.
    * The associated contact starts becoming visible in the right panel.  

    * The other contact also starts reflecting the paring at the other end.

    There can be a maximum of 1000 contacts added for one association label. 

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Associating Contacts using Custom Labels](/support/solutions/articles/155000003918-associating-contacts-using-custom-labels)

## You may like to read -

  * [Associations for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004033-associations-for-custom-objects)
  * [Getting Started with Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000003896-getting-started-with-custom-objects)
  * [Contact Type](/support/solutions/articles/155000001302-contact-type)
  * [Workflow Action - Assign User](/support/solutions/articles/155000003267-workflow-action-assign-user)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
