Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Custom Objects.](/support/solutions/155000000183)
  4. [Managing Custom Object Records](/support/solutions/folders/155000000896)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Custom Objects.](/support/solutions/155000000183)
     * [Managing Custom Object Records](/support/solutions/folders/155000000896)
  6. Custom Object Audit Logs

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Custom Object Audit Logs

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 12:13 PM

    Custom Objects feature is available only on the $497 plan

This feature will allow you to track and monitor key actions such as creating, updating, or deleting custom objects, custom object records, and associations between objects. Initially available to Beta users, these audit logs provide detailed insights into changes made across custom objects.

**Guide on how to write How-to support docs**

  * Step 1: Access the template list view
  * Step 2: Populate the content in the template
  * Step 3: Use the template in your article

* * *

### **Key Features: Activity Tracking for Objects, Associations and Object Records**

  * Audit logs will now capture when a new custom object is created or updated.
  * Actions like creating, updating, or deleting individual custom object records will be logged
  * Any new association, updates, or deletions between two custom objects, or between a custom object and a contact, will be tracked.
  * **Granular Insights:** By clicking on the three-dot ellipsis menu on the right and selecting "View Details," you can access more specific information about what was added or updated in each action.

    Audit logs are only retained until 60 days after a certain activity

### **Step 1: Go to Subaccounts > Settings > Audit Logs**

### **Step 2: Click on the ellipsis - 3 dots menu option on the right for more details about any change**

### **Step 3: Find Objects, Custom Objects or Associations in the module dropdown for further filtering**

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Custom Object Audit Logs](/support/solutions/articles/155000003844-custom-object-audit-logs)
  * [Advanced Filters for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004013-advanced-filters-for-custom-objects)
  * [List View for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004029-list-view-for-custom-objects)

## You may like to read -

  * [Creating and Editing Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000003897-creating-and-editing-custom-objects)
  * [Creating and Updating Custom Object Records](/support/solutions/articles/155000004023-creating-and-updating-custom-object-records)
  * [Getting Started with Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000003896-getting-started-with-custom-objects)
  * [FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002000-faqs)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
