Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. New product collection element and SEO Improvements

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# New product collection element and SEO Improvements

Modified on: Wed, 29 May, 2024 at 11:18 AM

Store owners can now place an element and configure certain collections to be shown on any page with store enabled. Along with this, store owners can now add images, and SEO information to their collections, hence enhancing the overall experience of using collections.

How to use:

  1. Configure your collection, with/without an image, and fill in the necessary details under 

Payments -> Products -> Collections

. The name, image, along with SEO title, SEO Description and Handle can be updated here.
  2. Navigate to the page builder of your store, and add the Collection List Element. This would be under the Store section in the elements.
  3. You would now see 3 default placeholder collections added with placeholder name and images. Click on the element to get the settings on the right, and configure all the necessary settings.

  * Fields such as heading, margin padding, colors, borders, fonts can be configured, just like any other element.
  * By default, the number of collections shown per row is 3. You can configure this number for both desktop and mobile using the Number of columns field, under the layout tab. The maximum would be 5 and 2 columns for desktop and mobile respectively.
  * If a heading is not required, simply keep the Headline field empty under Text options and the heading will be removed.

  4. In order to define a set of collections to be shown, click on any of the collections listed under 

Collections

 group, and a section will be shown where a collection can be selected. Upon selection, the selected collection item will reflect the name and image of the collection on the builder. Note: This step has to be done to show the real collections. Placeholder collections will not serve any purpose in a live site.
  5. Click on save/Publish to view your changes in your site!

Some key aspects:

  * If a collection image is present, the image would be shown for that particular collection. If an image is not present, the collection text is centred to the specific collection item with a background.
  * The image uploaded, along with the SEO details, will be used for adding respective SEO tags in the product list page with a collection filter.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Related Product element for Ecommerce stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002844-related-product-element-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [How to Update SEO for Blog Post](/support/solutions/articles/48001220287-how-to-update-seo-for-blog-post)
  * [How to Add SEO Descriptions and Keywords to Boost Your Ecommerce Ranking](/support/solutions/articles/155000002910-how-to-add-seo-descriptions-and-keywords-to-boost-your-ecommerce-ranking)
  * [Default Blog Flow - Getting Started with Blogs](/support/solutions/articles/48001220286-default-blog-flow-getting-started-with-blogs)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
