Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
  4. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  6. Send Quotes with Optional Items (Checklist) for your Sign...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Send Quotes with Optional Items (Checklist) for your Signers in Documents & Contracts

Modified on: Fri, 5 Jul, 2024 at 2:08 PM

If you were not able to send quotes so far because you wanted your clients to be able to select optional services alongwith the fixed ones in the contract, not anymore.

What’s New? / Key Features / Benefits:

  * Ability for Document Creators to add optional items in the Product List
  * Ability to Toggle and make the quantity editable for the signer and set limits on minimum and maximum quantity that can be selected
  * Ability for Toggle and make the item optional for the signer.
  * Product List gets assigned to the primary recipient by default.
  * Total Amount gets updated on the basis of items that are in selected stage only.

How to Use?

  * Add a Product List

  * Add a new product

  * Enable Quantity editing from the 

Edit Quantity

 Toggle

  * Make a product selectable/unselectable from the 

Optional Item

 Toggle

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)
  * [Automatic invoice creation after Document/Contract is signed](/support/solutions/articles/155000001299-automatic-invoice-creation-after-document-contract-is-signed)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001300-multiple-recipient-support-on-documents-contracts)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use Documents and Contracts in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000002733-how-to-use-documents-and-contracts-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [Create document/contract templates and send them automatically inside a workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000001301-create-document-contract-templates-and-send-them-automatically-inside-a-workflow)
  * [How to Set Signing Order for Recipients in Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002624-how-to-set-signing-order-for-recipients-in-documents-and-contracts)
  * [Split Columns Support: Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000004041-split-columns-support-documents-contracts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
