Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Opportunities and Pipelines](/support/solutions/48000449589)
  4. [Getting Started with Opportunities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000510)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Opportunities and Pipelines](/support/solutions/48000449589)
     * [Getting Started with Opportunities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000510)
  6. Step-by-Step Guide: Creating Pipelines

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Step-by-Step Guide: Creating Pipelines

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 12:17 PM

Pipelines play a crucial role in automating and streamlining business processes in GoHighLevel. Whether you're managing leads, nurturing prospects, or closing deals, creating pipelines can significantly enhance your efficiency and effectiveness. In this step-by-step guide, we'll walk you through the process of creating pipelines in GoHighLevel.

**In This Article**

  * Step 1: Accessing the Pipelines Section
  * Step 2: Creating a new Pipeline
  * Step 3: Adding Stages to Your Pipeline
  * Step 4: Pipeline Actions and Dashboard configuration

###   

### **Step 1: Accessing the Pipelines Section**

  * Go to your Subaccount

  * Go to Opportunities from the left sidebar

  * Select Pipelines from the top menu

  * 

### **Step 2: Creating a new Pipeline**

  * Once you're in the Pipelines section, click on the "Create Pipeline" button.

  * Give your pipeline a descriptive name that reflects its purpose or the stage of the customer journey it represents.

### 

    Pipeline names always need to be unique and adding or updating another pipeline with an identical name is not allowed.

### **Step 3: Adding Stages to Your Pipeline**

  * With your new pipeline created, you'll see an empty canvas where you can add stages.

  * Enter the name of the first stage of your pipeline

  * Click on the "Add Stage" button to create more stages

  * Repeat this process to add additional stages, defining the sequential flow of your pipeline.

  * You can also reorder the different pipeline stages using the up and down arrows on the left of the stage name.

  * Note that you need not create stages for "Won" or "Lost". HighLevel creates those stages for every pipeline of yours by default.**  
**

    Stage names always need to be unique and adding or updating another stage with an identical name is not allowed.

### **Step 4: Pipeline Actions and Dashboard configuration**

  * ### 

The funnel and pie chart options allow you to decide whether the pipeline should be shown in the dashboard or not

  * You can also configure whether or not to show each stage in the dashboard funnel and pie charts by clicking on their icons at the right of the respective stage.

  * Learn more about dashboards for opportunities here.  

**_Other Useful Links_**

[Understanding Pipelines](https://gohighlevelassist.freshdesk.com/a/solutions/articles/155000001982?portalId=48000045315) 

[Creating an opportunity](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000001999?portalId=48000045315)

Viewing Dashboards for opportunities: TBA

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Step-by-Step Guide: Creating Pipelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001985-step-by-step-guide-creating-pipelines)
  * [Step-by-Step Guide: Creating Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000001999-step-by-step-guide-creating-opportunities)
  * [How to use Custom Fields for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000521-how-to-use-custom-fields-for-opportunities)
  * [Editing Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002001-editing-opportunities)

## You may like to read -

  * [Understanding Pipelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001982-understanding-pipelines)
  * [Deleting and Restoring Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002041-deleting-and-restoring-opportunities)
  * [Step-by-Step Guide: Creating Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000001999-step-by-step-guide-creating-opportunities)
  * [Understanding Opportunities in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000001983-understanding-opportunities-in-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
