Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Save, Draft and Publish Funnels and Websites

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Save, Draft and Publish Funnels and Websites

Modified on: Fri, 2 Feb, 2024 at 9:16 AM

Funnels and Websites now has a powerful feature that allows you to effortlessly save drafts and publish various versions of your live funnels and websites. It's all about giving you more flexibility and control throughout the content creation and publishing journey.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Save Drafts
  * Publish
  * Attach Domain from Builder
  * Publish from Versions List
  * Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
    * Q: What happens to existing sites with no published version?
    * Q: What happens when you clone or import funnels from snapshots?
    * Q: Is there a limit to the number of versions a page can have?
    * Q: Can I collaborate with different team members using this feature?
    * Q: How do I attach a domain to my funnel or website from the builder?

* * *

## Save Drafts

Now, you can create and save drafts of your funnels/websites before publishing. This feature enables a more iterative and collaborative content creation process. Your progress is safe, and you can come back to it later without impacting the live site.

**How to use:**

Start creating or editing your content as usual.

Use the "Save" option to save your work in progress as a new version.

## Publish

Now you can choose which version of your funnel/website to publish to live sites. This ensures that only the finalized and approved content reaches your audience, minimizing the risk of errors and streamlining the publishing process.

Click "Publish" to make the chosen version live on your site.

Note: Publishing directly without saving will publish all the changes from the last published version. 

## Attach Domain from Builder

You can now attach a domain to the funnel when the page is published, even if the funnel is not initially connected to any domain.

If a funnel is not connected to any domain, on clicking publish, you will be prompted to attach a domain in the newly introduced domain attach popup in the builder. Once the domain is connected, the version will be published.

## Publish from Versions List

Access the "Versions" tab to view and manage different versions of your content.

Select any version of the page and publish it directly from the versions section without the need to restore it.

A new Live tag is displayed in the versions list, indicating the published version being served as the live site version.

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

### Q: What happens to existing sites with no published version?

A: Existing pages will work without any changes. If there is no published version (Live) found, the latest version (Current version) will be served.

### Q: What happens when you clone or import funnels from snapshots?

A: These features are not affected by the new feature; they work as expected currently.

### Q: Is there a limit to the number of versions a page can have?

A: Yes, a page can have a maximum of 30 versions. If the user saves more drafts, older versions will be deleted. If an older version about to be deleted is the Live version, the next version will be deleted instead.

### Q: Can I collaborate with different team members using this feature?

A: Absolutely! The Save Draft and Publish feature enables collaborative efforts by allowing team members to save drafts and publish changes only when they are ready.

### Q: How do I attach a domain to my funnel or website from the builder?

A: If your funnel is not connected to any domain, on clicking publish, you will be prompted to attach a domain in the newly introduced domain attach popup in the builder. Once the domain is connected, the version will be published.

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [How to get customer consent or track legal basis to process your lead's or customer's personal data](/support/solutions/articles/155000000582-how-to-get-customer-consent-or-track-legal-basis-to-process-your-lead-s-or-customer-s-personal-data)
  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [How to create an Affiliate Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003641-how-to-create-an-affiliate-campaign)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
