Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  6. How to Create Payment Products of membership courses?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Create Payment Products of membership courses?

Modified on: Fri, 19 Jul, 2024 at 3:08 AM

**Covered in this article:**

  * #### How to create an offer (Memberships)

  * #### Next, let's add your membership offer to a product

* * *

## **How to create an offer (Memberships)**

The initial step is to generate an offer comprising one or numerous products (courses) proposed at a specific cost. An offer can consist of one or many courses at a single price.

**To create your Offer, please:**

  * Click on the "**Memberships** " tab **>** Click on the dropdown and select "**Offer** ". 

  * Proceed to create an Offer by adding the title, product(s), and price, and then click Create.

    The currency will be determinated according to the location of the [sub-account](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982605).
      
    The offer will remain in the "**DRAFT** " tab until you choose to publish it 

* * *

## **Next, let's add your membership offer to a product**

  * Click on the "**Payments  **" tab > then the "**Products** " tab. 
  * Click on the "**\+ Create product** " button
  * Add Product Information
  * Add Pricing name, type, and amount
  * Click **"ADITIONAL OPTIONS"**
  * Toggle the memberships option, select the membership offer  

    In order for the membership offer to be displayed in the dropdown, it must be **_published_**. 
    
    For more info on [creating products](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204219) please see the help doc

Once the payment is made, there is no need for any additional setup. The user will be automatically added to the membership course.

    To ensure that your users receive their credentials, be sure to enable the 
    **"Send welcome email"** option in the membership settings. 
        For a visual guide, you can refer to _ __[this video](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001147956-how-to-send-new-membership-users-custom-emails-with-their-login-information)_

* * *

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Add Membership Signups To Funnel Pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001143787-add-membership-signups-to-funnel-pages)
  * [Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked & drip content](/support/solutions/articles/155000002174-courses-in-app-notifications-for-comment-unlocked-drip-content)
  * [How do first time users Set Login Password, Request Forgotten Password for their membership portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002847-how-do-first-time-users-set-login-password-request-forgotten-password-for-their-membership-portal-)
  * [How To Build Courses / Membership Sites](/support/solutions/articles/48001141015-how-to-build-courses-membership-sites)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use Member Analytics in Memberships?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000159-how-to-use-member-analytics-in-memberships-)
  * [How To Build Courses / Membership Sites](/support/solutions/articles/48001141015-how-to-build-courses-membership-sites)
  * [Legacy Membership To Client Portal Migration](/support/solutions/articles/155000002045-legacy-membership-to-client-portal-migration)
  * [How to Manage Comments In Memberships](/support/solutions/articles/48001220388-how-to-manage-comments-in-memberships)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
