Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  6. How to add blog search and category navigation?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to add blog search and category navigation?

Modified on: Mon, 20 May, 2024 at 2:38 PM

Adding search and category navigation help in building better SEO hierarchy on the content, it allows users to scan and better understand the content on Blog. 

How to add Search and Category Navigation for Blog?

  1. Go to Sites > Blogs
  2. Once you go to Blogs from the list, click on the name of blog and in the list view of blog there is option to Edit the Site
  3. After going to specific blog site editor, there will be option of in Elements of Category Navigation. 
  4. Drag and drop the **Category Navigation** element
  5. While editing, it allows user to add more category in navigation. For Example, click on the Category 1 to edit the Category name and link to the category associated with the blog post. Please do the similar to other category options too. 

  * For Adding the Blog Search, there is option to enable or disable. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Add Category](/support/solutions/articles/48001220289-how-to-add-category)
  * [Default Blog Flow - Getting Started with Blogs](/support/solutions/articles/48001220286-default-blog-flow-getting-started-with-blogs)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
