Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Collective Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000701)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Collective Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000701)
  6. Collective Bookings Calendar Overview

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Collective Bookings Calendar Overview

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 2:15 PM

Collective Booking is a feature that enables scheduling meetings involving multiple team members simultaneously. It integrates individual team members' availability into a shared calendar, allowing for unified scheduling. This feature facilitates seamless group interactions, perfect for collaborative endeavors like sales calls, technical support, or group interviews.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What are Collective Bookings?
  * Frequently Asked Questions

* * *

## **What are Collective Bookings?**

Collective bookings are a sophisticated and efficient approach to concurrently scheduling multiple participant meetings. This scheduling feature allows the synchronization of different team members' schedules to streamline the booking process. It essentially amalgamates the team members' calendars to provide a standard time slot that suits everyone, thus allowing for collective or group bookings.

This functionality is an invaluable asset in several contexts, such as setting up dynamic sales calls that involve an account executive and a sales development representative (SDR), organizing complex technical support calls that require both a customer support rep and an engineer, or conducting insightful interviews involving a recruiter and a hiring manager.

Setting up a collective booking calendar is straightforward. You navigate to Calendars ➝ Calendar Settings, click "Create Calendar," and select "Collective Booking." You then fill in the necessary details like the calendar name, team members involved, a custom URL for the calendar, and a meeting location. Once these details are confirmed, your Collective Calendar is ready to go.

A unique aspect of collective Booking is the concept of a 'Primary Owner.' This individual leads the appointment, acts as the appointment owner, and is assigned contacts if contact assignment is enabled. The primary owner is typically the first team member added to the collective Booking, but they can be changed as needed for greater flexibility and efficient team management.

Notification-wise, all team members are alerted when a contact books an appointment. This process ensures that everyone on the team stays informed about each appointment, fostering effective communication and collaboration.

In addition to these features, collective Booking includes payment capabilities if enabled for the calendar. With this, users have to make the payment first, and only after the payment is confirmed does the appointment get booked. This system ensures a seamless, secure transaction process, making the collective booking experience smooth and convenient for both users and customers.

* * *

## **Frequently Asked Questions**

**Q: How many team members can I add to a single collective booking calendar**

Answer: You can add upto 100 team members in a collective calendar, although please remember the more team members lesser the chances of finding available slots across all of them

**Q: Would payments work in Collective booking?**

Answer: Yes, payments would work for Collective Booking.

**Q: Can I use collective booking for virtual appointments?  **

Answer: Collective booking can be used for virtual and physical appointments; please add the correct details in the Meeting location field.

**Q: Can I remove a team member from an existing collective booking calendar?**

Answer: You can remove any team member from the collective booking calendar except for the Primary owner. In case the team member you want to remove is a Primary owner, change the ownership from that user and then you would be able to remove the team member.

**Q: I have changed the primary owner of the collective booking calendar, but for the existing appointment, I still see the old primary owner; why?**

Answer: The details of the booked appointment would reflect based on the Calendar settings, which were there when the appointment was booked. Any appointment booked after the changes would start reflecting the changes. 

**Q: Is there a way I can change the Primary owner for an already-created appointment?**

Answer: No, there is no way for users to change the details of an already booked collective appointment. 

**Q: Can I edit/reschedule a booked collective appointment?**

Answer: Yes, you would be able to edit the details of the collective booking appointment. However, you could not change the team member details for the booked appointment.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Collective Bookings Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000000578-collective-bookings-calendar-overview)
  * [Collective Booking Calendar Use Cases](/support/solutions/articles/155000003556-collective-booking-calendar-use-cases)
  * [Creating Collective Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000003557-creating-collective-booking-calendars)

## You may like to read -

  * ['Look Busy' in Calendar Settings](/support/solutions/articles/155000003068--look-busy-in-calendar-settings)
  * [Troubleshooting Tool for Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000003358-troubleshooting-tool-for-calendar)
  * [Collective Booking Calendar Use Cases](/support/solutions/articles/155000003556-collective-booking-calendar-use-cases)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
