Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Add Setup Fees to Your Recurring Invoices

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Add Setup Fees to Your Recurring Invoices

Modified on: Fri, 26 Jul, 2024 at 3:24 PM

Let's say you have a product with an initial setup fee and then a monthly recurring charge. So far, you were not able to use a single invoice to let the customer pay for both and had to rely on 2 invoices. Not anymore. 

What's new

  * You can now add a recurring product -> add a set up fee to it in its prices -> Add it to a recurring invoice -> 2 line items for the same product (One with Setup fee and other with recurring price) would appear
  * For subsequent invoices, the setup fee line item will be removed and only the recurring part of the price will be sent out

How to use?

  * Go to Product section and create a product with price type = recurring and add a setup fee to it

  * Create a recurring invoice from invoices section

  * Add the product which has a setup fee in it

  * 2 line items for the same product will be shown with the Suffix "Setup Fee" added to the setup part of the price

  * For all subsequent invoices that are auto-generated as per your schedule, will only have the recurring element of the price.

Why did we build this?

  * For all service providers where a signing fee was to be collected along with monthly recurring charges, this feature would make invoices super useful to them

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)
  * [How to create recurring Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/48001219440-how-to-create-recurring-invoices)
  * [How to Add Recurring Products to Your Products List in Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002963-how-to-add-recurring-products-to-your-products-list-in-documents-and-contracts)
  * [How to Set Up Automatic Tax Calculations in Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/155000003107-how-to-set-up-automatic-tax-calculations-in-invoices)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
