Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [App Marketplace](/support/solutions/155000000049)
  4. [Snapshots in App Marketplace](/support/solutions/folders/155000000819)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [App Marketplace](/support/solutions/155000000049)
     * [Snapshots in App Marketplace](/support/solutions/folders/155000000819)
  6. How to get snapshot URL?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to get snapshot URL?

Modified on: Mon, 9 Sep, 2024 at 5:12 AM

To add a snapshot to your app, follow these instructions.

**Step 1** : Head to 'Account Snapshots' in the Agency view, and select the snapshot that you wish to sell via the app marketplace.

**Step 2** : Select 'Share Snapshot' from the options and select 'Get Marketplace share link' from the available options.

**Step 3** : Paste your snapshot link in the app and launch your app with snapshot!

Paste your snapshot link in the app and launch your app with snapshot!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to get snapshot URL?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003380-how-to-get-snapshot-url-)
  * [How to sell Snapshots on the App Marketplace?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003709-how-to-sell-snapshots-on-the-app-marketplace-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Share Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982513-how-to-share-snapshots)
  * [How to get started with the Developer's Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000000136-how-to-get-started-with-the-developer-s-marketplace)
  * [Sharing Social Planner Content Across Sub-Accounts via a Snapshot](/support/solutions/articles/48001223768-sharing-social-planner-content-across-sub-accounts-via-a-snapshot)
  * [Chiropractor Snapshot](/support/solutions/articles/48001079554-chiropractor-snapshot)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
