Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  6. Add Blog Post Element in Funnel(s) step or Website(s) page

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Add Blog Post Element in Funnel(s) step or Website(s) page

Modified on: Fri, 16 Aug, 2024 at 10:06 PM

We're thrilled to unveil a brand-new feature in Blog : Go to any funnel step or website page add the element of Blog Post, there is option to add new blog with different sorting options.

Prerequisite - New Blog should be added with domain and blog posts. [Help Article - How to create New Blog ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-\))

How Does It Work?

1\. Navigate to Sites > Go to Funnels step or Website Page

2\. Add the element of Blog Post and drag and drop it out.

3\. With the blog post element, select the blog name

Note - if you are using the old blog flow, use the default blog site option to use it.

4\. Filter by the blog post - Recent Post, Recent Post by Category and Recent Post by Author and select the category/author.

Note - Filtering will apply on updated date (date when blog post is published)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Default Blog Flow - Getting Started with Blogs](/support/solutions/articles/48001220286-default-blog-flow-getting-started-with-blogs)
  * [How to add Blog Sitemap?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002453-how-to-add-blog-sitemap-)
  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
