Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  6. How to Set Up Verified Caller ID (Use your number for Voi...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Set Up Verified Caller ID (Use your number for Voice Calls)

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 4:41 AM

There are many cases where we want to use our own phone number as caller ID. So, In this article will help you to go through the step by step process. How to Set Up Verified Caller ID (Use your own number for voice cals). This is only supported for LC Phone not for clients using personal twilio account

### **Step 1: At the top left, click here to switch to the sub-account where you want to set up verified caller ID**

  * Click on the Click here to switch option and search for the sub-account where you want to set up verified caller ID Then, click on the sub-account.

### **Step 2: Once you are in the sub-account, click on Settings**

### **Step 3: Click on Phone Numbers**

****

**  
**

### **Step 4: Click on Add Verified Caller ID Under Add Number Tab**

**  
**

****

**  
**

### **Step 5: Verify your own phone number as New Caller ID**

  * **Enter your own phone number and click on Verify Number**

**  
**

****

**  
**

  * After clicking verify number you will get a pop up with verification code and a call to your phone number for verification. You will be asked to enter the verification code. Please answer the call and enter the provided verification code to proceed. Once this is done your number will be verified and will added under verified caller iD tab.

### **Step 6: Select the Twilio Number under Phone Number Tab for which you want to use your phone number as caller ID.**

  * **Click on three dots for the Twilio Phone Number under Phone Number Tab for which you want to use your phone number as caller ID**

  * **Click on Edit Configuration Option**

****

  * **Select  **Use your Verified Number as callerID for outbound calls option and choose the verified caller number and save it.
  * Once this setting is enabled. Now you can use your own phone number as caller id for making calls.

****

**  
**

**Please Note**

    ** _A limit of 10 verified caller IDs per sub-account is placed by default to avoid misuse. Please reach out to our support team to increase this limit._**

    **_Due to local regulations on domestic calls in India, effective from August 1, 2024, calls placed from +91 caller ID to +91 destination will not work._**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How do I migrate my agency and sub-account over to LC Phone?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204027-how-do-i-migrate-my-agency-and-sub-account-over-to-lc-phone-)
  * [Why is your account suspended](/support/solutions/articles/48001207676-why-is-your-account-suspended)
  * [Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001213216-regulatory-bundle-and-address-creation-for-sub-accounts)
  * [What is LC - Phone System?](/support/solutions/articles/48001223546-what-is-lc-phone-system-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Why are my Calls marked as Spam, and how can I avoid it (LC Phone)](/support/solutions/articles/48001231665-why-are-my-calls-marked-as-spam-and-how-can-i-avoid-it-lc-phone-)
  * [Recommendations and Best Practices for Maintaining a Positive Caller Reputation](/support/solutions/articles/155000002944-recommendations-and-best-practices-for-maintaining-a-positive-caller-reputation)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)
  * [Workflow Action - IVR End Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000003372-workflow-action-ivr-end-call)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
