Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000574)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000574)
  6. How to connect iCloud with Highlevel?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to connect iCloud with Highlevel?

Modified on: Sat, 4 May, 2024 at 4:41 AM

**In this Article**

  * Step 1: Obtain your unique app-specific password from Apple
  * Step 2: Integrate iCloud with Highlevel Calendar
  * Step 3: Configure Primary Calendar and Check for Conflicts

## **Related Article**

  * [ iCloud Integration with Highlevel](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001184-icloud-integration-with-highlevel)  

# **Connecting your iCloud Calendar with Highlevel  **

### **Step 1: Obtain your unique app-specific password from Apple**

Before integrating your iCloud calendar with Highlevel Calendar, you'll need to obtain your app-specific password from Apple. This unique password is distinct from your regular Apple account password. Apple mandates the use of an app-specific password, in addition to enabling two-factor authentication, when connecting to third-party applications like Highlevel Calendar.

To obtain your app-specific password, follow these steps:

  1. Sign in to <https://appleid.apple.com/>.
  2. Enable two-factor authentication under the Security section if you haven't already done so.
  3. In the App-Specific Passwords section, choose 'Generate Password.'
  4. Enter a label for the password (for instance, "Highlevel Calendar") and click 'Create.'
  5. Copy the generated app-specific password for use in connecting your iCloud calendar with Highlevel Calendar.

### **Step 2: Integrate iCloud with Highlevel Calendar**

  1. Click on the Settings button from the left navigation panel
  2. Select My Profile and go to Integrations
  3. You should see the option with iCloud Calendar > Click on Connect
  4. You will be asked to enter your iCloud Email Address and your app-specific password which you created in Step 1
  5. Your iCloud is Connected

##   

## **Step 3: Configure Primary Calendar and Check for Conflicts**

####  What is Primary Calendar and how is it different from Check for conflicts?

A Primary Calendar is where your appointments booked in the Highlevel application are displayed. Additionally, it also syncs all the events from your iCloud calendar into the Highlevel calendar.

If you have other calendars that you want to compare against to avoid double bookings, you can add multiple calendars in the Check for conflicts feature. The events from these calendars will also appear in the Highlevel calendar. When checking for availability, the Highlevel calendar will also take into account events from these calendars.

**To setup Primary Calendar where you want the Highlevel appointments to be pushed:**

  1. Go to My Profile
  2. Click on Calendar Configuration
  3. Click on Edit under Primary Calendar
  4. Select the account from the list of accounts. Please remember the list would only show those accounts which are integrated with Highlevel application
  5. Save and you are all set with your Primary Calendar

**For adding for calendars to Check for Conflicts:**

  1. Go to My Profile
  2. Click on Calendar Configuration
  3. Click on Edit under Check for Conflicts
  4. Select the account from the list of accounts. Please remember the list would only show those accounts which are integrated with Highlevel application
  5. Save to enable check for conflicts for the selected accounts

Thus, in calendar configuration you have 2 segments:

  1. Primary Calendar : It reads all the calendar events from iCloud and it writes all the appointments to iCloud. 
  2. Check for conflicts : It only reads calendar events from iCloud.

****

    **Important Information specifically for iCloud Integration**
    
    Contact creation from iCloud events to GHL is not supported. Which also means that all the events coming in from iCloud would be treated as **Blocked Slots** and not appointments.
    
    If a Blocked Slot is created in the GHL calendar for a user, that would not sync to the iCloud Calendar

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Calendly - How to Integrate Calendly with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002373-calendly-how-to-integrate-calendly-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Google - How to Integrate Google with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002369-google-how-to-integrate-google-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Hide Third-Party Calendar Details](/support/solutions/articles/155000003545-hide-third-party-calendar-details)
  * [How to connect iCloud with Highlevel?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001477-how-to-connect-icloud-with-highlevel-)

## You may like to read -

  * [iCloud - How to Integrate iCloud with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002370-icloud-how-to-integrate-icloud-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [iCloud Integration with Highlevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000001184-icloud-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [Connect ServiceTitan + HighLevel (Zapier)](/support/solutions/articles/48001239665-connect-servicetitan-highlevel-zapier-)
  * [Setting Up Linked Calendars & Conflict Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002374-setting-up-linked-calendars-conflict-calendars)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
