Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [QR Codes](/support/solutions/folders/155000000787)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [QR Codes](/support/solutions/folders/155000000787)
  6. How to create a QR Code linked with Review Page

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to create a QR Code linked with Review Page

Modified on: Thu, 12 Sep, 2024 at 5:17 PM

HighLevel's new QR code functionality allows businesses to generate custom QR codes with ease. Users can create dynamic QR codes that link to various digital assets such as websites or reviews page. The feature includes customisation options for branding, QR styling, and seamless integration into marketing campaigns, making it a powerful tool for enhancing customer engagement and streamlining operations.

**Creating QR Code linked with Review Page**

1\. To create a QR Code linked to your website, go to "Sites" > "QR Codes" > "Create QR Code".

##   

2\. Add Name and Select "QR Type" as Review Link and click on Next.

3\. Select the Review QR, edit header content and change the footer image.

4\. You can edit Colour, Shape & Form, Center Logo and Background Image of the QR. You can test the QR and download the image in PNG format from here. Click on save to publish QR.

##   

5\. For analytics related to QR codes, go to "QR Codes" > "Analytics". You can find Analytics related to all the QR over here with total and unique scans.

# 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to create a QR Code linked with Review Page](/support/solutions/articles/155000003197-how-to-create-a-qr-code-linked-with-review-page)
  * [How to create a QR Code linked with Website](/support/solutions/articles/155000003196-how-to-create-a-qr-code-linked-with-website)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to create a QR Code linked with Website](/support/solutions/articles/155000003196-how-to-create-a-qr-code-linked-with-website)
  * [How to Set up Digital QR Code for Maximising Review Generation](/support/solutions/articles/155000002775-how-to-set-up-digital-qr-code-for-maximising-review-generation)
  * [Typeform to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003331-typeform-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Reputation Management - Market Comparison & why you should choose GHL to boost your online reputation](/support/solutions/articles/155000003397-reputation-management-market-comparison-why-you-should-choose-ghl-to-boost-your-online-reputation)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
