Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Use the Manual Payment Method in Your Ecommerce Store

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use the Manual Payment Method in Your Ecommerce Store

Modified on: Mon, 26 Aug, 2024 at 10:51 PM

Store owners can now collect payments manually from buyers for any order. Buyers can complete checkout by selecting a manual payment method and then pay the store owner at the time of pickup or delivery using any mode of payment.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to use
    * Manual Payment Method setup:
    * Collect Payment flow (for manual payment method orders):
  * Notes:
  * Images:
  * Manual Payment Method setup:

## **How to use**

### **Manual Payment Method setup:**

  1. Store owners can setup manual payment methods for their e-commerce stores at: Payment > Integrations > Manual Payment Methods.
  2. Initially, store owners can choose either Cash on Delivery or create their own Custom Payment Method.

  3. Once a payment method is added, Payment Instructions and Messages are optional fields during setup.
  4. Store owners can enable manual payment methods for either the Order Form or E-commerce Stores. These options will appear at checkout only if enabled at this step.
  5. Store owners must click Save to apply the changes.

### **Collect Payment flow (for manual payment method orders):**

  1. Post receiving the order, store owners can record collected payment at: Payment > Orders > Select the Order > "Collect Payment" CTA.
  2. Store owners can collect a payment and define the Payment Mode from dropdown. Notes (optional) can be added as well.
  3. Once marked as paid, transaction status will get updated along with the mode of payment.

## **Notes:**

  * A manual payment method can be set up when a payment integration is already connected in the current version.
  * If a recurring product is part of the order, manual payment methods won't show up at checkout.
  * Collect order flow is applicable for Manual Payment Method orders only. Once marked as paid, it can't be reverted.
  * If the payment method isn't enabled for either the

 E-commerce stores

 and 

Order Forms

, it won't appear on the checkout page.
  * Store owners can set up both 

Cash on Delivery

 and 

Custom Payment Method

 simultaneously.

## **Images:**

## 

Manual Payment Method setup:

Checkout page preview:

Collect Payment flow in order details page:

**  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [How to use Printful Integration with your Ecommerce Store?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002442-how-to-use-printful-integration-with-your-ecommerce-store-)
  * [How to Configure Shipping & Delivery Rates In Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002428-how-to-configure-shipping-delivery-rates-in-ecommerce-stores)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
