Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Facebook / Instagram - User comments on a Post trigger

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Facebook / Instagram - User comments on a Post trigger

Modified on: Wed, 3 Apr, 2024 at 7:54 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What are the new Triggers?
    * 1\. New Triggers
    * 2\. Page is
    * 3\. Post Type
      *     a. Published Post 
      *    b. Custom Post
    * 4\. Comment Phrase/Word
    * 5\. Tracking first level comments

#   

# What are the new Triggers?

When creating a workflow click on "Add Trigger". The triggers related to comment automation are present in the "Facebook/Instagram events" category. You can directly search for the trigger or scroll down to the category.

  * Facebook - User comments on a post  
  * Instagram - User comments on a post

## **1\. New Triggers**

Go to triggers and select from the available triggers based on your use case.

## **2\. Page is**

After clicking on the trigger the sidebar will open. There are multiple filters present here. The first step is to select the Page. 

## **3\. Post Type**

After selecting the Page you have to select the Post Type. Post type can be "Published" or "Custom"

    **a. Published Post  **- 

'Published Posts' tab includes all posts on your business page - it could be text, photo, video or live video types of posts. You can also select the "View on Facebook" hyperlink to take you to the post.

###   **  b. Custom Post**

'Custom' tab allows you to find and connect the post by entering the Facebook post's URL or ID. Select Custom in Post type, add the "Post is" filter and paste the URL of the post in the field against Post is field.

## **4\. Comment Phrase/Word**

After selecting the post you have to enter what are you looking for in the comment. You can select from 2 options "Contains Phrase" and "Exact Match". Below are some examples to understand these 2 dropdown better.

Exact Match - Price

Inbound message - Price

Result - Pass

Exact Match - Share the Price

Inbound message - Share the Price

Result - Pass

Exact Match - Share the Price

Inbound message - Please share the Price

Result - Fail

Contains Exact Phrase - I bought from you

Inbound message - I bought from you

Result - Pass

Contains Exact Phrase - I bought from you

Inbound message - I bought from you yesterday

Result - Pass

Contains Exact Phrase - I bought from you

Inbound message - I bought **one** from you

Result - Fail

## **5\. Tracking first level comments**

You can also use the toggle to turn on tracking of only first level comments. If this is turned on only first level of comments will trigger the workflow.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Trigger - Facebook/Instagram - Comment(s) on a Post](/support/solutions/articles/155000003419-workflow-trigger-facebook-instagram-comment-s-on-a-post)
  * [Facebook comments + Workflow AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000002351-facebook-comments-workflow-ai)
  * [How to use Facebook comment automation for Facebook Groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000002147-how-to-use-facebook-comment-automation-for-facebook-groups)
  * [Facebook & Instagram comment automation](/support/solutions/articles/155000002055-facebook-instagram-comment-automation)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
