Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Collective Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000701)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Collective Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000701)
  6. Collective Booking Calendar Use Cases

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Collective Booking Calendar Use Cases

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 2:10 PM

## 

Use Case| Slot Intervals| Slot Availability| User Availability  
---|---|---|---  
**Interview Scheduling**|  The slot interval can be customized based on the duration of the interview.| Slots are only available when all the interviewers are free simultaneously.| The system checks the availability of all interviewers.  
**Team Meeting**|  The duration of the meeting determines the slot interval.| Slots are available when all team members are free.| The system checks the availability of all team members.  
**Sales Call**|  Slot intervals are customized to accommodate the length of the sales call.| Slots are available when all involved sales personnel are free.| The system considers the availability of all sales personnel.  
**Technical Support Call**|  Slot intervals can be set according to the estimated call duration.| Slots are available when both the customer support rep and engineer are free.| The system checks the availability of the customer support rep and the engineer.  
**Project Management Meeting**|  The slot interval is based on the shortest available time slot among all project team members.| Slots become available when all project team members are available simultaneously.| The collective booking feature considers the availability of all project team members.  
**Educational Tutoring Session**|  The shortest available slot between multiple tutors determines the time slot intervals.| Slots become available when all tutors are free at the same time.| The availability of tutors is considered in the collective booking feature.  
**Medical Consultation**|  The slot intervals are based on the shortest available time between a doctor, nurse, and possibly other medical staff.| The slots are available when the doctor, nurse, and other involved medical staff are free simultaneously.| The collective booking feature considers the availability of all medical staff involved.  
**Client Onboarding**|  The time slot intervals are determined by the shortest available time slot among the sales rep, product specialist, and customer success manager.| Slots become available when the sales rep, product specialist, and customer success manager are free simultaneously.| The collective booking feature considers all team members' availability in client onboarding.  
  
Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Collective Bookings Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000000578-collective-bookings-calendar-overview)
  * [Collective Booking Calendar Use Cases](/support/solutions/articles/155000003556-collective-booking-calendar-use-cases)
  * [Creating Collective Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000003557-creating-collective-booking-calendars)

## You may like to read -

  * [Collective Bookings Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000000578-collective-bookings-calendar-overview)
  * [Zoom Integration for Users' Calendar Bookings](/support/solutions/articles/48001179593-zoom-integration-for-users-calendar-bookings)
  * [Creating Collective Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000003557-creating-collective-booking-calendars)
  * [Troubleshooting Tool for Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000003358-troubleshooting-tool-for-calendar)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
