Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to migrate Shopify stores to Highlevel (including pro...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to migrate Shopify stores to Highlevel (including products, collections, orders, contacts, and transactions)?

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 10:43 AM

About: 

Store owners can now effortlessly import and sync their Products and Collections from Shopify to HighLevel (GHL). This enhancement enables store owners to migrate their entire Shopify store, including products, collections, contacts, orders, and transactions, into GHL. Additionally, Shopify store owners can leverage GHL’s marketing tools, including triggers like Order Submitted Trigger and Payment Received Trigger for better automation.

In the previous version of the Shopify integration, users could sync orders, contacts, and transactions from Shopify to HighLevel. The latest update expands this functionality, allowing store owners to seamlessly migrate and sync all their products and collections as well.

Order, Contacts & Transactions syncing from Shopify to Highlevel: <https://ideas.gohighlevel.com/changelog/shopify-order-syncing-inside-ghl>

How to use:

  1. Access the Integration: 

Shopify integration can be found within a sub-account at: 

Settings > Integration > Shopify

.
  2. Connect the Shopify Store: 

Users can click on "connect" button to begin the setup. A modal will appear where users must enter Admin API access Token and a valid Shopify store URL as the first step.
  3. Select Data to Import:

 In the second step, users will be directed to the Import Elements screen, where they can select which data to import from their Shopify store. The available options for import are: 

Contacts, Orders, Transactions, Products, Collections

.
  4. Configure Syncing Settings:

 The third and final step takes users to the Sync Settings screen, where users can choose which data to continuously sync from Shopify to GHL in future. The options for syncing include: 

Contacts, Orders, Transactions, Order submitted trigger, Payment received trigger, Products, Collections

.
  5. Completing the Setup:

 After selecting the desired elements to import and sync, click 

Save

. The import and sync process may take some time to complete.
  6. Manage Settings: 

Once the Shopify integration is successfully connected, users can enable or disable the elements they want to sync for future orders from the Shopify store.
  7. Reimporting Data:

 If users wish to reimport data, they can disconnect and reconnect the integration, allowing them to reimport any data they may have missed during the initial import.

Notes:

  * Taxes are not mapped in Products while importing or syncing the Products.
  * For each order, only one transaction is created in Highlevel.
  * Order statuses are marked as "Completed" or "Cancelled" when synced with Shopify.
  * Merged contacts in Shopify will have the primary contact updated in HighLevel.
  * If there are no changes to the SEO details in Shopify (default SEO settings), the data will be received as null in HighLevel.

Images:

  * Shopify Integraiton:

  * Adding store details:

  * Import elements from Shopify:

  * Future Sync permissions from Shopify to Highlevel

  * Product imported from Shopify to Highlevel:

  * Collections imported from Shopify to Highlevel

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [How to sell products on Facebook and Instagram Shops?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004055-how-to-sell-products-on-facebook-and-instagram-shops-)
  * [How to use Woocommerce Integration in E-commerce stores?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004052-how-to-use-woocommerce-integration-in-e-commerce-stores-)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
