Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Custom Objects.](/support/solutions/155000000183)
  4. [Associations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000928)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Custom Objects.](/support/solutions/155000000183)
     * [Associations](/support/solutions/folders/155000000928)
  6. Associations for Custom Objects

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Associations for Custom Objects

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 12:13 PM

    Custom Objects feature is available only on the $497 plan

This document provides a comprehensive overview of the "Association for Custom Objects" feature, detailing how users can establish associations between custom objects and contacts or between custom objects themselves.  

**In This Article**

    * [Creating Associations](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000003063?portalId=48000045315#Creating-Associations)
    * [Managing Associations](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000003063?portalId=48000045315#Managing-Associations)
    * [Associating Two Records Using One or Multiple Labels](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000003063?portalId=48000045315#Associating-Two-Records-Using-One-or-Multiple-Labels)

[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000003063?portalId=48000045315#Feature/action-1---Filtering)

* * *

## Creating Associations

#### Steps to Create Associations:

  1. **Access the Custom Objects Section:**

     * Navigate to **Subaccounts > Settings > Custom Objects**.
     * Select the custom object you wish to create an association for.
     * Click on the **Associations** tab.**  
**
  2. **Set Up Labels:**
     * You can choose to set a single label or a pair of labels to define the relationship.
     * Example: For associating a car with its owner, you might set the labels as “Owner” and “Car."  

    All current associations are many-to-many in nature. 

  1. **Save and Apply:**

  * After naming and setting up the association labels, click **Save**.
  * You can now use these labels to associate records in your custom objects or between a custom object and a contact.

    You can create upto 10 association labels between two contacts or between a contact-to-custom object combination

## Managing Associations

  1. **View Associations:**

     * Go to the record details of the custom object.
     * On the right side panel, you will find the associations listed under the **Related Objects** section.  
**  
**
  2. **Editing Associations:**

     * If needed, you can remove an association by selecting the association label, clicking on the kebab menu (3 dots icon) and selecting Edit
     * The label name can be updated but not the internal name for the same.
  3. **Removing Associations:**

     * If needed, you can remove an association by selecting the association label, clicking on the kebab menu (3 dots icon) and selecting delete
     * Type "DELETE" in the text box and then click the **delete** button.
     * Note that the delete action can only be performed if there are no existing relations between two different records using the mentioned label.

## Associating Two Records Using One or Multiple Labels

  1. **Access the Records:**

     * Navigate to the **Custom Objects** section or **Contacts** where your records are stored.
     * Open the detail view of one of the records you wish to associate.
  2. **Initiate the Association Process:**

     * On the right-hand side panel, locate the **Related Objects** section.
     * Click on the **Association** icon (often represented as a link or chain icon) to begin setting up the association.
  3. **Select the Object to Associate With:**

     * In the association setup window, choose the object you want to associate with the current record. This can be another custom object or a contact.
     * Select the labels you want to associate the two objects with
     * Confirm the setup by clicking **Save**.
  4. **Finalizing the Association:**

     * The association will now appear under the **Related Objects** section of the record’s details.
     * You can click on the associated object or contact to view the relationship and modify or delete it as needed.
  5. You can also add the associated objects as columns in the list view for quickly accessing which records is any object record associated with.

    Each label can associate a maximum of 1000 records

Learn more about contact to contact associations [here](https://help.leadconnectorhq.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000003919-associating-contacts-using-custom-labels-coming-soon-). 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Associations for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004033-associations-for-custom-objects)

## You may like to read -

  * [Custom Object Audit Logs](/support/solutions/articles/155000003844-custom-object-audit-logs)
  * [Getting Started with Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000003896-getting-started-with-custom-objects)
  * [Creating and Updating Custom Object Records](/support/solutions/articles/155000004023-creating-and-updating-custom-object-records)
  * [Creating and Editing Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000003897-creating-and-editing-custom-objects)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
