Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Miscellaneous](/support/solutions/48000453288)
  4. [Miscellaneous](/support/solutions/folders/155000000084)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Miscellaneous](/support/solutions/48000453288)
     * [Miscellaneous](/support/solutions/folders/155000000084)
  6. Rebilling, Reselling, and Wallets Explained

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Rebilling, Reselling, and Wallets Explained

Modified on: Mon, 1 Apr, 2024 at 9:33 AM

Have you ever wondered how the billing worked for HighLevel’s additional services like LC Email, Phone, and AI? Or maybe you want to learn how to recover or make a profit off of this usage… You are going to learn about all of this and more in this video about Rebilling, Reselling, and Wallets Explain.

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What is Rebilling, Reselling, and Wallets?
  * How “Wallet” Works
  * How “Rebilling” Works
    * Scenario 1: No Rebilling Enabled
    * Scenario 2: Rebilling without Markup
    * Scenario 3: Rebilling with Agency Markup
  * How “Reselling” (Re-Sell) Works
    * Option 1: Direct Deployment
    * Option 2: Reselling (with or without markup)
  * FAQs
    * How to Update My Agency Wallet or Payment Method?
    * How to Update the Sub-Account Wallet or Payment Method?
    * What is deducted from the Wallet? What is charged to the Card only?
    * What about Stripe Fees for the Agency Stripe?
    * Why is the Wallet Not Reloading? Wallet Reload Failures.
    * What if the Wallet hits $00.00 or goes negative?
    * How do I enable or Use one of these Services?

* * *

# What is Rebilling, Reselling, and Wallets?

Unlike other platforms, HighLevel only charges you for what you use. Other platforms will charge you for a bucket of usage which is easy to underutilize or if you over-utilize it results in additional charges. HighLevel is different, you only pay for what you use. Some of these charges are fractions of a cent. Utilizing a wallet is the next logical step in billing. Let’s review what each one of these means below - don’t worry if you aren’t sure, as we review more below it will make more sense.

**Wallet** \- is a pre-loaded amount of money credits added into a virtual wallet. This charges the card on file. When a Sub-Account uses a LC Services like LC Email, Phone, and AI, it deducts the usage amount from the wallet. When the wallet is empty or drops below a minimum amount, the card on file is charged a set amount. We explain this process in detail below. 

**Rebilling** \- As a Sub-Account uses LC Services like LC Email, Phone, AI, and more, you are charged the HighLevel Price to your Wallet. However, you can enable rebilling to charge the HighLevel Price to the Sub-Account, allowing you to recover costs or even make a profit. Rebilling features are unlocked on the $297 or the $497 plan. We review this in detail below.

**Reselling** \- Similar to Rebilling, reselling allows you to offer services like Yext, WordPress, WhatsApp, Conversation AI, or similar products to your Sub-Accounts at a marked-up price. This allows Agency users to create an additional revenue stream while providing greater retention and value to their customers. We explain this in detail below.

* * *

# How “Wallet” Works

When the Agency company activates any LC service, a wallet is established in their billing system. Initially, the agency's card on file is charged for high-level charges, and this amount is then transferred into the agency wallet. As the agency or any of its sub-accounts utilize any LC service, the wallet balance decreases accordingly. If the wallet balance falls below a predefined threshold, it will automatically reload by charging the agency's card again, replenishing the wallet. This cycle continues as long as the agency continues to use any LC service. 

The Agency Wallet will always be charged for all LC Service usage. To recover costs, Agencies can enable rebilling. When rebilling is enabled the Agency Stripe is added and will charge the Sub-Account card to pre-load the Sub-Account Wallet. The Sub-Account User will need to add a valid card to begin. After proper setup, the LC Services Sub-Account Usage will be deducted from the agency Wallet, then it will be deducted from the Sub-Account Wallet. All Agency Stripe charges to the Sub-Account Card belong to the agency and will be added to the Agency Stripe.

When wallets drop below a minimum threshold, the Card will be charged to pre-load the amount in credits to the wallets to continue service. If the Wallet balance hits zero, services may be interrupted or stopped.

**Important Facts about Wallets:**

  * Wallets are pre-loaded, meaning an upfront amount is charged to the card then the LC service usage is deducted from the wallet.

  * When the wallet has a minimum amount, the card is charged to reload the wallet. You can edit the wallet minimum amount, recharge amount, and the card on file from within Settings > Company Billing.

  * HighLevel always charges the Agency Wallet for Sub-Account usage. However, with Rebilling or Reselling enabled, the Agency will automatically charge the Sub-Account to recover these costs. Depending on settings, the agency may choose to Mark Up the HighLevel Price to charge the Sub-Account a Marked Up Price.

  * Usage will always charge the Agency Wallet for Sub-Account Usage. HighLevel Stripe will never charge a Sub-Account Wallet or Card Directly - the Agency Stripe is responsible and will charge the Sub-Account if rebilling or reselling is enabled.
  * All Agency Stripe charges to the Sub-Account Card belong to the agency and will be added to the Agency Stripe.
  * If payment fails via one card then all the previously used/added cards will be checked to deduct the money to trigger a successful auto recharge. Agency Owners can manage customers and remove previous cards from the customer object in your Agency Stripe Account. Go to <https://dashboard.stripe.com/customers> and select the customer, then remove.
  * See all HighLevel Prices and Additional Services explained in our [HighLevel Pricing Guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001156).

**Wallet FAQs**

  * How to Update My Agency Wallet or Payment Method?
  * How to Update the Sub-Account Wallet or Payment Method?
  * What is deducted from the Wallet? What is charged to the Card only?
  * What about Stripe Fees for the Agency Stripe?
  * Why is the Wallet Not Reloading? Wallet Reload Failures.
  * What if the Wallet hits $00.00 or goes negative?
  * How do I enable or Use one of these Services?

See all HighLevel Prices and Additional Services explained in our [HighLevel Pricing Guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001156).

* * *

# How “Rebilling” Works

Now let’s review the details of Rebilling, we have three scenarios for rebilling that we will explain below to help you understand the difference between the options available to Agencies.

## Scenario 1: No Rebilling Enabled

If no Rebilling is enabled, only the Agency Wallet is charged for Sub-Acount LC If the Wallet is empty or it drops below a minimum, HighLevel will charge the Agency Card on file a set amount. This amount is added to the Agency Wallet. As Sub-Accounts use LC Service, it reduces credits until a reload is required.

_*Wallets are pre-loaded when the first LC Service is enabled. LC Services deducts from the Wallet credits as LC Services are used. When the wallet drops below the minimum amount the wallet is reloaded to continue services. Edit Agency Wallet settings like minimum balance to trigger reload, the reload amount, or card information within your Agency View > Settings > Company Billing._

## Scenario 2: Rebilling without Markup

*Available only on the $297 and $497 plan only.

If rebilling without markup is enabled on a Sub-Account, the Agency will charge the Sub-Account based on its usage. It’s important to note, the Agency is always charged by HighLevel. With Rebilling without markup enabled, this same amount is charged to the client. So the flow is the Sub-Account uses an LC Service. HighLevel bills the Agency. Then the Agency will bill the Sub-Account to recover costs. We also added the Sub-Account Wallet, which functions like the Agency Wallet.

_*Wallets are pre-loaded when the first LC Service is enabled. LC Services deducts from the Wallet credits as LC Services are used. When the wallet drops below the minimum amount the wallet is reloaded to continue services. Edit Agency Wallet settings like minimum balance to trigger reload, the reload amount, or card information within your Agency View > Settings > Company Billing._

**Setup: Rebilling WITHOUT Markup**

Navigate into the Agency View Sub-Accounts Section, search, and locate the Sub-Account. Click the three dots in the bottom right of the Sub-Account card (as seen in the image below) then select "Switch to SaaS."

    **Prerequisite:** you will need add your Agency Stripe if you have not already. Learn [how to Add Your Agency stripe here.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)

After the Sub-Account has a valid card added with Sub-Account Company Billing, you can navigate into the Agency View Sub-Accounts Section, search and locate the Sub-Account, Manage, and then scroll down to enable the feature.

## Scenario 3: Rebilling with Agency Markup

*Available on the $497 plan only.

When Rebilling with Agency Markup is enabled on a Sub-Account, the agency is not only rebilling the HighLevel Price charged to the Agency. The Agency is also making a profit from this usage by marking up the price.

When a Sub-Account uses an LC Service, it will charge the Agency Wallet. If the Agency Wallet is empty or drops below a minimum amount, the Agency Card will be charged. Then the system will attempt to charge the Sub-Account Wallet at the marked-up agency price. If the Sub-Account Wallet is empty or below the minimum amount, the Agency Stripe (Not HighLevel) will charge the Sub-Account card to reload the Sub-Account Wallet to continue usage. 

_*Wallets are pre-loaded when the first LC Service is enabled. LC Services deducts from the Wallet credits as LC Services are used. When the wallet drops below the minimum amount the wallet is reloaded to continue services. Edit Agency Wallet settings like minimum balance to trigger reload, the reload amount, or card information within your Agency View > Settings > Company Billing._

_*Edit Sub-Account Wallet settings visit the Sub-Account View > Settings > Company Billing._

**Setup: Rebilling with Agency Markup**

**New Sub-Accounts Created with SaaS Configurator ($497 Plan Only)**

To set up and use Rebilling from all newly created SaaS Configurator Sub-Accounts… From your Agency View, select the SaaS Configurator. Then select the plan you want to add or edit. You will see rebilling options that are a part of the Rebilling SaaS Mode Feature. This means new Sub-Accounts created by the SaaS Mode will have rebilling with a Markup enabled by default. Learn more about [SaaS Mode here.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001184920)

    **Prerequisite:** you will need add your Agency Stripe if you have not already. Learn [how to Add Your Agency stripe here.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)

*Available on the $497 plan only.

**Existing Sub-Accounts: Enabling Rebilling  
**

Alternatively, you can manually turn on Rebilling for a specific or existing Sub-Account from the Agency View, select “manage” on the specific Sub-Account, and then enable SaaS Mode. Only after a card is successfully added to the Sub-Account rebilling will begin.

Only after a valid card is added will you be able to enable and edit rebilling or markup. 

* * *

# How “Reselling” (Re-Sell) Works

Reselling enables Agencies to offer unique services that add value to Sub-Accounts. These are additional services and can even be resold to clients to make the money back or even a profit for Agencies. We will review a way to Direct Deploy the service, which will charge the Agency Card only.

## Option 1: Direct Deployment

Some Agencies may want to skip rebilling and include the service as part of the package instead of billing it separately. Or maybe you want to enable it for your own Sub-Account you use to run your business. To skip the reselling and charge the Agency Card only, you can directly deploy the Service. When you do this, we charge your Agency Card on file only. No charge is made to the Sub-Account.

## Option 2: Reselling (with or without markup)

If you desire to recover the cost and even markup the price of a Reselling service, you can offer the service to the Sub-Account enabling them to purchase the Service within their Sub-Account.

In this scenario, the HighLevel Price is charged to the Agency Card. Then the Agency Stripe charges the Agency Price to the Sub-account for the service. This is most often a recurring subscription, meaning this payment will recur every payment period, such as a month.

*You can choose to Markup the price or not, as shown above. WhatsApp at the bottom of the image is charged the HighLevel Price of $10/mo to the Agency. However, with Reselling enabled, your Sub-Account will be charged every month for the same or marked up amount. Recovering costs or providing a monthly profit.

**Setup: Agency View Reselling**

For example, to set up and see reselling options for WhatsApp… From the Agency View, select “Reselling.” From here you can see all of the Reselling options. We have both core services and Marketplace Apps available for Resell. 

    **Prerequisite:** you will need add your Agency Stripe if you have not already. Learn [how to Add Your Agency stripe here.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)

From here we can edit the Agency Price (Your Price), see the HighLevel, and then see the Profit gained (if any) per period.

From within the Sub-Account View, the client will have the option to buy the Service at the Agency Price. 

* * *

# FAQs

## **How to Update My Agency Wallet or Payment Method?**

As the Agency Owner, you can update your Agency Wallet in the [Agency View > Settings > Billing section](https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/billing). From here you can edit the reload amount and the minimum threshold that triggers the reload.

## **How to Update the Sub-Account Wallet or Payment Method?**

After Rebilling is enabled by the Agency, the Sub-Account Owner will be prompted to add a valid card. After a valid card is added, all LC Services used by the Sub-Account will be charged to the Agency Wallet - then with rebilling enabled, the Sub-Account Wallet will be charged as well.

Sub-Account Owners can update their Sub-Account Wallet Settings in the Sub-Account View > Settings > Company Billing Section.

##   

## **What is deducted from the Wallet? What is charged to the Card only?**

Any of the Rebilling Services that are usage-based are deducted from the Wallet. The Card on file will be charged if the card is below the minimum balance. For example, LC Phone, Email, AI, WhatsApp Conversations, and more are deducted from the Wallet based on the HighLevel Price and Service usage.

However, monthly fees or services like WhatsApp Subscription, Yext, WordPress Hosting, and other Reselling options are charged directly to the card on file.

## **What about Stripe Fees for the Agency Stripe?**

Per Stripe, all charges made by the Agency Stripe are subject to Stripe payment processing fees. Please refer to [Stripe Pricing](https://stripe.com/pricing) and [Stripe Support](https://support.stripe.com/search?q=fees) on payment processing charges.  

## **Why is the Wallet Not Reloading? Wallet Reload Failures.**

If your Agency or Sub-Account card on file is not reloading, you will need to reach out to your stripe or bank as there are many possible issues. Most commonly, the address or information provided was wrong or the bank flagged it for some reason. For issues adding a card or for failed payments, reaching out to Stripe Support and asking the client to check in with their bank are the next best steps.

  * If payment fails via one card then all the previously used/added cards will be checked to deduct the money to trigger a successful auto recharge. Agency Owners can manage customers and remove previous cards from the customer object in your Agency Stripe Account. Go to <https://dashboard.stripe.com/customers> and select the customer, then remove.

If one of your Sub-Account is having issues with Failed payments or adding a card, check your Agency Stripe for the reason and visit [Stripe Support](https://support.stripe.com/topics/payments). You may also find it helpful to ask the customer to reach out to their bank for issues on their end - which can be a common solution to payment issues for Agency Stripe.

## **What if the Wallet hits $00.00 or goes negative?**

LC Services will be temporarily halted if the Wallet goes negative. A successful payment is required to reload the wallet to begin services. Please refer to [Stripe Pricing](https://stripe.com/pricing) and [Stripe Support](https://support.stripe.com/search?q=fees) for payment processing issues or concerns. You may also find it helpful to ask the customer to reach out to their bank for issues on their end - which can be a common solution to payment issues for Agency Stripe. 

## **How do I enable or Use one of these Services?**

For pricing information and setup instructions for many of these services, visit the [HighLevel Pricing Guide.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001156)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Rebilling, Reselling, and Wallets Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000002095-rebilling-reselling-and-wallets-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflows Starter Plus Plan - Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000003971-workflows-starter-plus-plan-pricing)
  * [Email Re-Billing on the Unlimited (297/2970) and Pro (497/4970) Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001188579-email-re-billing-on-the-unlimited-297-2970-and-pro-497-4970-plans)
  * [AI Tools in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002166-ai-tools-in-highlevel)
  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
