Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How to preview Custom Field in Email Builder?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to preview Custom Field in Email Builder?

Modified on: Thu, 10 Oct, 2024 at 1:20 PM

**More Tutorials From the Community**

<https://youtu.be/a20mMxuOgtE>

<https://youtu.be/0F3uyXM33Bw>

<https://youtu.be/6vAR0K1BBH4>

<https://youtu.be/jPoE5YZsfdA>

With this new functionality, users can now preview exactly how custom fields will appear for their respective clients before sending out any emails.This feature simplifies the testing process and eliminates the need to create fake test cases, allowing for a more efficient and cost-effective approach to email campaign management.  
  
**_Steps to preview the custom field:_**  
  
**Step 1**. Navigate to Marketing -> Email Templates to create your personalized email.

**Step 2:** Within the Email Builder, incorporate custom fields of the contact based on your preferences.

**Step 3**. Click on the three dots located at the top right corner to access the * **Preview Template  ***

 **Step 4**. On the Preview screen, locate and select Preview Contact Info at the upper right corner.

**Step 5**. By default, a contact's information is displayed in the email. To preview as a specific contact, simply search for the desired contact from the search bar.

**Step 6**. You'll observe the contact's information and custom field data on the right panel, alongside the email preview on the left. This gives you a glimpse of how the selected contact would view the email.

Utilize the search bar once more to find a different customer for further previewing.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to add additional fields through Custom HTML/Javascript in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003042-how-to-add-additional-fields-through-custom-html-javascript-in-forms-and-surveys)
  * [Math Calculations in Forms/Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003634-math-calculations-in-forms-surveys)
  * [Hydration event in custom code in Funnels](/support/solutions/articles/155000002421-hydration-event-in-custom-code-in-funnels)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Squarespace Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239760-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-squarespace-website)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
