Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665901)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665901)
  6. Introducing Enhanced Sub-Account Filtering: Manage Email ...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Introducing Enhanced Sub-Account Filtering: Manage Email Providers with Ease!

Modified on: Thu, 19 Oct, 2023 at 10:28 AM

We're excited to announce an enhanced feature that enables agency users to filter sub-accounts based on their email provider.

Currently supported providers include LeadConnector, Mailgun, and others (excluding LC and Mailgun, such as Gmail and SMTP).

**Filtering Sub-Accounts:**

Now, users have the ability to filter sub-accounts based on three key criteria:

  * **Provider** : Easily filter sub-accounts by specifying the provider they belong to.
  * **Domain** : Filter sub-accounts by their associated domain name.
  * **Email Verification** : Filter sub-accounts based on their email verification status, whether it’s enabled or not.  

**Different Providers:**

We’ve organized the filtering process for two main providers, LC and Mailgun, and Others.

**LC** :

  * Filter sub-accounts specifically under LC.
  * Change the domain for selected sub-accounts.
  * Enable or disable email verification as needed.

**Mailgun** :

  * Filter sub-accounts under Mailgun.
  * Switch the provider to LC for selected sub-accounts.
  * Modify the Mailgun domain for the chosen sub-accounts.

**Others** :

  * For sub-accounts not falling under LC or Mailgun, filter them by selecting “Others.”
  * Change the provider to LC for these sub-accounts.  

This feature provides more flexibility and customization options for managing sub-accounts email services efficiently.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Sending Priority - From Name & Address](/support/solutions/articles/48000979925-sending-priority-from-name-address)
  * [Email Services Configuration - Reply & Forward Settings](/support/solutions/articles/48001155000-email-services-configuration-reply-forward-settings)
  * [List of all outgoing system generated emails](/support/solutions/articles/48001209235-list-of-all-outgoing-system-generated-emails)
  * [Filter Contacts by Email Stats and Enhanced Filtering Options](/support/solutions/articles/155000000330-filter-contacts-by-email-stats-and-enhanced-filtering-options)

## You may like to read -

  * [Filter Contacts by Email Stats and Enhanced Filtering Options](/support/solutions/articles/155000000330-filter-contacts-by-email-stats-and-enhanced-filtering-options)
  * [Manage Sub-account Email Settings and Migration in LC Email](/support/solutions/articles/155000002222-manage-sub-account-email-settings-and-migration-in-lc-email)
  * [White Label Payment Provider Solution for NMI & Authorize.net](/support/solutions/articles/155000002747-white-label-payment-provider-solution-for-nmi-authorize-net)
  * [Setting Up SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/articles/48001059689-setting-up-smtp-providers)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
