Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. How to add additional fields through Custom HTML/Javascri...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to add additional fields through Custom HTML/Javascript in Forms and Surveys

Modified on: Wed, 7 Aug, 2024 at 6:03 AM

Adding additional fields through custom JavaScript is not straightforward. Customers can utilize HTML elements to add custom code for additional fields. 

Once the logic is implemented in the builder, the user can see these fields in the preview. However, they will not be part of the submission due to security reasons; allowing this could make the system vulnerable as any data could be passed through the submission.

**Workaround Solution**

If a customer adds a field called  `My Own Field`  using custom JavaScript/HTML and stores the input data in the `myData`  variable, they need to create a holder custom field for every field added in Custom HTML/JavaScript. This holder field will act as a container for the data when changes occur in `My Own Field` .

**Steps to Implement the Solution**

1\. Create a Custom Field in the Builder:

   \- Ensure the custom field is created with a relevant name to act as a holder for the data from "My Own Field."

2\. Retrieve the Custom Field ID:

   \- Go to the Preview of the form.

   \- Right-click on the page and select 'Inspect.'

   \- Select the mouse pointer tool.

   \- Click on the "Custom Field."

   \- Copy the ID from the name and ID properties.

Example: If you created a custom field named `xxTrustedFormCertUrl`, follow the above steps to get its ID.

3\. Mark the Custom Field as Hidden:

There are two approach to hide the custom field in the preview

  1. Native hidden feature

In the builder, mark the custom field as hidden so it won't appear in the preview. The actual `My Own Field`  will still be visible.

        2\. Custom CSS Hidden

    .menu-field-wrap:nth-child(x) { 
        display: none; 
    }

here `x` in the css code stand for the element number to hide. Example if customField is 4 in the list of field the value of `x = 4`   

**NOTE: For Surveys always use Custom CSS hidden approach and for forms both works**

4\. Transfer Data Using JavaScript:

   \- Add the following JavaScript code to transfer the collected data from "My Own Field" to the newly created hidden custom field:

    document.getElementsByName('customFieldId')[0].value = myData;    
    document.getElementsByName('customFieldId')[0].dispatchEvent(new Event("input"));

HTML

Replace `customFieldId` with the ID of your custom field.

By implementing this code, the data captured through `My Own Field`  will be stored in the hidden custom field during the submission process.

This workaround ensures that additional fields added through custom JavaScript/HTML are securely included in the form submission.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [Math Calculations in Forms/Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003634-math-calculations-in-forms-surveys)
  * [Typeform to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003331-typeform-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [How to Quickly Add and Edit Custom Fields in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003223-how-to-quickly-add-and-edit-custom-fields-in-forms-and-surveys)
  * [Using the Inline Forms/ Surveys Element in email campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003912-using-the-inline-forms-surveys-element-in-email-campaign)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
