Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Contacts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000198)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000198)
  6. Followers

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Followers

Modified on: Mon, 18 Mar, 2024 at 1:52 PM

The ‘Followers’ feature for Contacts and Opportunities allows multiple users to follow and access the same record. This provides you the ability to add up to 10 users as followers who are able to view and edit the CRM record when the "Only Assigned Data" user permission is turned on

**In This Article**

  * Contact Followers
  * Opportunity Follower

* * *

## Contact Followers

Followers can be added to contacts on the detailed page of the record.

## Opportunity Followers

Add followers to opportunities in the "Opportunity Details" on the Edit/Add opportunity modal

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Contact Type](/support/solutions/articles/155000001302-contact-type)
  * [Followers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001362-followers)
  * [Internal Tasks for your Team](/support/solutions/articles/155000001703-internal-tasks-for-your-team)
  * [Workflow - Adding and Removing Followers for Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002109-workflow-adding-and-removing-followers-for-contacts)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow - Adding and Removing Followers for Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002109-workflow-adding-and-removing-followers-for-contacts)
  * [Workflow Actions - Remove Contact Follower](/support/solutions/articles/155000003426-workflow-actions-remove-contact-follower)
  * [Workflow Actions - Add Contact Follower](/support/solutions/articles/155000003425-workflow-actions-add-contact-follower)
  * [@Mention or Tag Profile in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000002679--mention-or-tag-profile-in-social-planner)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
