Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Client Portal Branded Mobile APP](/support/solutions/folders/155000000624)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Client Portal Branded Mobile APP](/support/solutions/folders/155000000624)
  6. Client Portal Branded Mobile APP -Full Setup Guide For Ag...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Client Portal Branded Mobile APP -Full Setup Guide For Agency

Modified on: Wed, 11 Sep, 2024 at 2:37 PM

**In this article, we will discuss how you can resell Client Portal Branded Mobile APP to your clients and keep track of which all sub-accounts are using it via HighLevel.**

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Pre-requisites for Auto-Reselling
    * Connect your Agency Stripe Account
  * Setting your Branded Client Portal Mobile App Price
  * Personalizing offers for certain clients
  * How do I disable Branded Client Portal Mobile App for certain clients?
  * How do I directly deploy Branded Client Portal Mobile App without Stripe/Reselling to a location?
  * How do I check how much am I paying to HighLevel and for which accounts?
  * How is the experience for your client?
    * How do your clients discover this feature?
  * How do your Clients complete the purchase?
  * How does the billing work?

* * *

**Pre-requisites for Auto-Reselling**

### **Connect your Agency Stripe Account**

Your agency Stripe account will be used to collect subscription payments for Branded Clientportal App from your clients. You can connect your agency Stripe account to your agency by following this help article - <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard>

**Note:** You can also deploy Branded Client Portal App to sub-accounts if you do not have a Stripe without availing the auto-resell feature.

* * *

## **Setting your Branded Client Portal Mobile App Price**

You can set your agency-wide offer by configuring it on the Agency left menu -> Reselling tab

* * *

## **Personalising offers for certain clients**

If you wish to offer a different rate to certain clients, you can do so by following these two steps:

**Step 1:** Go to Sub-Account List -> search for Client -> Click on three dots -> Manage Clients

**Step 2:** Scroll down to the reselling section -> Change the Branded Client Portal Mobile App Pricing -> Hit Save  

* * *

## **How do I disable Branded Client Portal Mobile App for certain clients?**

If you have certain clients that you do not wish to offer Branded Client Portal Mobile APP to, you can do so by following these two steps:

**Step 1:** Go to Sub-Account List -> search for Client -> Click on three dots -> Manage Clients

**Step 2:** Scroll down to the reselling section -> Disable Branded Client Portal Mobile App by toggle -> Hit Save

**Please note:**

     This offer can only be disabled before the sale has happened. Once a location already purchased Branded Client Portal Mobile App, you can not disable it from here. 

* * *

## **How do I directly deploy Branded Client Portal Mobile App without Stripe/Reselling to a location?**

**Step 1:** Go to Sub-Account List -> search for Client -> Click on three dots -> Manage Clients

**Step 2:** Scroll down to the reselling section -> Under Branded Client Portal Mobile App -> Read and Accept Deploy Branded Client Portal Mobile App directly T&C -> Hit pay Now

**Please note:**

     Branded Client Portal Mobile App under app settings won’t be visible for the location until this manual deployment takes place(in case agency does not have a Stripe account). It’s important to highlight that manual deployment won’t establish a subscription between the location and agency, while subscriptions with GHL and the agency will still be created.

* * *

## **How do I check how much am I paying to HighLevel and for which accounts?**

You can check the same by following these two steps:

**Step 1:** Go to Agency Settings -> Billing -> Subscription -> Reselling Branded Client Portal Mobile App-> You can directly see the amount/month and the number of subscription

**Step 2:** Click on Show sub-accounts -> It will list down all the sub-accounts on Branded Client Portal Mobile App for you

* * *

## **How is the experience for your client?**

### **How do your clients discover this feature?**

Your clients can discover Branded Client Portal Mobile App in the Sub-Account left Menu Sites ->Client Portal -> Settings -> Branded Mobile App

* * *

## **How do your Clients complete the purchase?**

  1. Once your clients have discovered the feature, they can proceed to purchase Branded Client Portal Mobile App from you by submitting the payment details and confirming the same.
  2. When your client clicks the Confirm button the system will create the subscription, process the payment, and take them to the App dashboard.

## **How does you client setup the Branded Client Portal mobile App?**

The Help article guides through the detailed step by step process

<https://help.leadconnectorhq.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002608-how-to-setup-branded-client-portal-mobile-app>

* * *

## **How does the billing work?**

When your client purchases Branded Client Portal App it creates 2 subscriptions in the System

  1. Between your client's card & your Stripe Account so you can collect payment from your clients
  2. Between HighLevel & your Stripe account, you pay $79/month/location to HighLevel   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Client Portal Branded Mobile APP -Full Setup Guide For Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000002617-client-portal-branded-mobile-app-full-setup-guide-for-agency)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Promote and Customize Your Mobile App: A Comprehensive Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000000089-how-to-promote-and-customize-your-mobile-app-a-comprehensive-guide)
  * [Setting up Whitelabel Domain, API Domain, Email Sending Domain, Sites Domain, Client Portal Domain & more](/support/solutions/articles/155000002561-setting-up-whitelabel-domain-api-domain-email-sending-domain-sites-domain-client-portal-domain-)
  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [Client Portal - Single Sign On (SSO) and Magic Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000001667-client-portal-single-sign-on-sso-and-magic-links)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
