Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  6. Update Conversation AI Status - Workflow Action

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Update Conversation AI Status - Workflow Action

Modified on: Mon, 14 Oct, 2024 at 5:26 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * Action Name
  * Action Description
  * Action Details
  * Example

##   

## Overview

The "Update Conversation AI Status" Action enables users to automatically change the status(Active or Inactive) of the Conversation AI Bot for a contact. This action helps streamline the process of managing the Conversation AI bot for each contact, ensuring that contacts are efficiently interacted with based on their journey or specific criteria. It eliminates the need for manually changing the status of the bot for each contact

## Action Name

**Update Conversation AI Status**

## Action Description

The "Update Conversation AI Status" action allows you to change the status (active/inactive) of the Conversation AI bot for the contact. This action helps in controlling if the Conversation AI bot should interact with the contact or not and effectively gives you more control over the Conversation AI bot at a contact level

## Action Details

**Value**| **Description**| **Mandatory**  
---|---|---  
Action Name| Enter a name for your action, e.g., "Stop Conversation AI bot as payment done"| Yes  
Active Status (if selected)| Changes the Conversation AI bot's status to active for the contact. No change if the status for the contact is already active| Yes  
Inactive Status (if selected)| Changes the Conversation AI bot's status to inactive for the contact. No change if the status for the contact is already inactive| Yes  
Reactivate Bot after| When making the bot inactive, also provide a time period post which the Conversation AI Bot will again become active for the contact| No  

## Example - Conversation AI Interaction based on Payment Status

**Scenario:** You want the Conversation AI bot to only talk to Contacts where the contact has sent payment to your business

**Solution using the "Update Conversation AI Status" action** :

**Pre-requisite:**

  * Create a workflow
  * Add Action: Update Conversation AI Status
  * Change status to inactive
  * Publish Workflow
  * Go to the Smartlist page
  * Select All contacts and send to this workflow to make the conversation AI bot inactive for all the contacts

**Next**

**Trigger:** The workflow starts when a Payment is received. "Payment Received" trigger

**Action 2:** Update Conversation AI Status to Active.

This approach ensures that the Conversation AI bot engages customers based on their payment status.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Conversation AI Bot - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000001335-conversation-ai-bot-explained)
  * [Pricing and Rebilling Conversation AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000001357-pricing-and-rebilling-conversation-ai)
  * [Workflow X Conversation AI - Conversation AI Action *Beta](/support/solutions/articles/155000001358-workflow-x-conversation-ai-conversation-ai-action-beta)
  * [Enable Conversation AI for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000001361-enable-conversation-ai-for-your-agency)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Configure the Workflow AI Action?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000209-how-to-configure-the-workflow-ai-action-)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [A List of Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002294-a-list-of-workflow-actions)
  * [Workflows vs Campaigns/Triggers (Deprecated features)](/support/solutions/articles/48001229927-workflows-vs-campaigns-triggers-deprecated-features-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
