Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Prospecting](/support/solutions/48000456113)
  4. [Prospecting](/support/solutions/folders/48000690261)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Prospecting](/support/solutions/48000456113)
     * [Prospecting](/support/solutions/folders/48000690261)
  6. How to Use Google Ads Detection in the Prospecting Tool

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use Google Ads Detection in the Prospecting Tool

Modified on: Mon, 16 Sep, 2024 at 10:02 AM

Introducing an enhancement to our Prospecting Tool! We’ve added a new functionality that allows you to check if a prospect is running Google Ads. 

This information will now be displayed in the audit report, providing agencies with valuable insights into the prospect’s advertising activities. 

Key Benefits:

  * Enhanced Insights:

 Gain visibility into whether a prospect is actively running Google Ads, offering a clearer picture of their advertising investments.
  * New Sales Opportunities:

 Detecting Google Ads usage opens up new avenues to approach prospects with targeted advertising solutions, boosting potential conversion rates and increasing your agency’s value proposition.

Here's a Snippet of Google Ads in Audit Report:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Generate Leads Using the HighLevel Prospecting Tool - The Ultimate Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001231875-how-to-generate-leads-using-the-highlevel-prospecting-tool-the-ultimate-guide)
  * [How to delete a prospect (Agency view)](/support/solutions/articles/155000000584-how-to-delete-a-prospect-agency-view-)
  * [PDF Download Option for Marketing Audit Reports](/support/solutions/articles/155000001065-pdf-download-option-for-marketing-audit-reports)
  * [Understanding the Conversion Rate in the Prospecting Tool](/support/solutions/articles/155000001355-understanding-the-conversion-rate-in-the-prospecting-tool)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to find Business Maps URL for your Virtual Businesses to Generate Accurate Reports](/support/solutions/articles/155000003716-how-to-find-business-maps-url-for-your-virtual-businesses-to-generate-accurate-reports)
  * [How to Generate Leads Using the HighLevel Prospecting Tool - The Ultimate Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001231875-how-to-generate-leads-using-the-highlevel-prospecting-tool-the-ultimate-guide)
  * [Prospecting Tool: Review Response Time Metric](/support/solutions/articles/155000003208-prospecting-tool-review-response-time-metric)
  * [Understanding the Differences Between Free and Premium Marketing Audit Reports](/support/solutions/articles/155000002405-understanding-the-differences-between-free-and-premium-marketing-audit-reports)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
