Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  6. WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices

Modified on: Tue, 1 Oct, 2024 at 5:59 PM

Nearly everything you need to know about WhatsApp.

**Introduction**

Welcome to this comprehensive guide on WhatsApp. In this video, we'll cover everything from setting up your account, understanding sending limits and pricing, to utilizing WhatsApp efficiently within High Level. Let's dive in!

**What is WhatsApp and Why Does it Matter?**

WhatsApp is a messaging platform which boasts over 2 billion users globally. Unlike SMS, WhatsApp is worldwide, anyone with a WhatsApp account and internet connection can use it. Further, WhatsApp can be significantly cheaper than standard SMS messages.

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Agency Setup
    * Direct Deployment (Skipping Rebilling)
  * Subaccount Setup
    * WhatsApp Sending Limits
  * WhatsApp Conversations
    * Types of WhatsApp Conversations
    * Conversation (Template) Categories
    * How to Create a WhatsApp Template
    * Opening a New Conversation
  * WhatsApp Pricing
  * FAQs
    * Q. If a contact sends me a WhatsApp Message, and then an SMS message, can I reply on both?
    * Q. Can I use an Existing WhatsApp Number?
    * Q. You have already linked the maximum number of phone numbers allowed for this business account. Delete a phone number to continue or request additional numbers.
    * Q. I am getting Message Undeliverable error
    * Q. Failed to send a message because this user's phone number is part of an experiment
    * Q. What is Per-User Marketing Template Message Limits
    * Q. Customers are not able to see my Business name on their WhatsApp app, instead they are seeing the phone number

* * *

# Agency Setup

**Pre-requisites for Auto-Reselling**

Connect your Agency Stripe Account

Your agency Stripe account will be used to collect subscription payments for WhatsApp from your clients. You can connect your agency Stripe account to your agency by following this helpful article: [How to Connect Stripe to Agency](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard).

Note: You can also Direct Deploy WhatsApp if you do not have a Stripe connected. However, this will charge your agency Card on file, skipping the reselling feature. 

**Setting Up Reselling**

In the reselling tab of agency settings, you can offer WhatsApp and set your pricing for subaccounts. This allows you to charge your clients a markup while HighLevel bills you at a fixed rate. When a client wants to, they can then purchase WhatsApp at this marked-up price. Allowing you to recoup the HighLevel price we charge you and then make a profit every month.

After setting this up in the Agency, a Sub-Account can purchase it themselves, which will then charge the card on file for that Sub-Account.

* * *

## Direct Deployment (Skipping Rebilling)

If you want to skip the rebilling to deploy WhatsApp to a specific Sub-Account without rebilling or markup, you can do this from the Manage Sub-Account Tab. This will charge your Agency Card on file, located in your Company Billing Tab. 

Navigate to the Agency View > Sub-Accounts > Find the Sub-Account, then click Manage Sub-Account

## 

##   

Scroll down to Re-Sell WhatsApp, then check the Deploy directly box, then Pay Now. This will charge your Agency Card on file, located in your Company Billing Tab. 

Learn more about [WhatsApp Agency Setup.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)

* * *

# Subaccount Setup

When setting up WhatsApp within a subaccount, you'll need a Facebook Meta business account and a WhatsApp Business profile. Follow the prompts to link accounts and fill in business information. 

    You will need a [Facebook Account](https://www.facebook.com/signup) and a [Facebook Meta Business Account](https://business.facebook.com/). (Learn what a Meta Business Account is [here](https://www.facebook.com/business/tools/meta-business-suite).)

We will also utilize a "WhatsApp Business Account" and a "WhatsApp Business Profile", if you do not have one, this is completely normal, the process outlined below will create one for you if you do not have one to select.

## 

## 

    If you are using existing phone number, please enable call forwarding to receive the verification code from Meta. If your number has SMS capabilites, the verification code will appear under the **Conversations** tab

* * *

## WhatsApp Sending Limits

Keep in mind the sending limit of 250 business-initiated conversations per rolling 24 hours until Facebook Meta verification is complete. After verification, the sending limit increases to 1,000. From here, your limit will increase or decrease depending on your rating and sending habits as determined by Facebook Meta's policy and rating practices.

Learn more here: [WhatsApp Messaging Limits (Meta HelpDoc) ](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/messaging-limits/)

* * *

# WhatsApp Conversations

Unless a customer sends you a message, you must utilize a Template to send a new message to a customer. In general, there are two ways to open a WhatsApp conversation (1) when a customer messages you or (2) when you message a template to a customer.

## Types of WhatsApp Conversations

  * **Business-Initiat****ed:  **Messages sent by businesses to customers using a template. There are four categories of templates and the templates are created and reviewed by Facebook Meta before they can be used. You can only send templates to customers until they respond, if they do not respond, you can only send templates.  

  * **Customer-Initiated:** Messages initiated by the customers sending a message to the business. When a customer messages you, it opens up a 24-hour window where you can send any template or free-form message to them.  

  * **Free Entry Conversations:  **Initiated when customers interact with a WhatsApp Ad or a Facebook Business Page WhatsApp Action Button, allowing for a 72-hour window for businesses to respond. The business must respond within 24 hours of customer free point entry, after the business responds, the 72-hour timer begins.

* * *

## **Conversation (Template) Categories**

When opening a new Business-initiated conversation, you must utilize a Template. First, you [create a WhatsApp template in HighLevel](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000861-how-to-create-a-whatsapp-template-). The template will be reviewed and approved (or denied) by Facebook Meta. Below we will review the types of template categories.

  * **Marketing  **— Enables you to achieve a wide range of goals, from generating awareness to driving sales and retargeting customers. Examples include new product, service, or feature announcements, targeted promotions/offers, and cart abandonment reminders.  

  * **Utility** — Enables you to follow-up on user actions or requests. Examples include opt-in confirmation, order/delivery management (e.g., delivery update); account updates or alerts (e.g., payment reminder); or feedback surveys.  

  * **Authentication (To be Released)  **— This enables you to authenticate users with one-time passcodes, potentially at multiple steps in the login process (e.g., account verification, account recovery, integrity challenges).  

  * **Service (To be Released)  **— Enables you to resolve customer inquiries.

Learn more about [Template Categorization Guidelines.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001058-template-categorisation-guidelines)

* * *

## **How to Create a WhatsApp Template**

Templates are used to begin business-initiated conversations, though this is not their only use. You will need to create and have Meta (owner of WhatsApp) approve your templates. 

Learn [how to create a WhatsApp Template](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000861-how-to-create-a-whatsapp-template-).

* * *

## **Opening a New Conversation**

Unless a customer sends you a message, you must utilize a Template to send a new message to a customer. Until a customer responds, you can only send approved templates to customers. 

For example, in HighLevel, unless the customer sends you a message within 24 hours, you will see a prompt to send a template. You can only send templates until the customer responds.

Conversations are opened when you send a template message or free-form message under the following conditions.

**[Business-Initiated] Marketing, Utility, and Authentication Conversations**

Marketing, utility, and authentication conversations are opened when you send an approved marketing, utility, or authentication template message to a customer and no open conversation with that category exists between you and that customer.

For example, if an open authentication conversation exists between you and a customer and you send them another authentication template message within 24 hours, a new conversation is not opened. If you send them a marketing message, however, a new marketing conversation is opened, resulting in two open conversations.

**[Business-Initiated] Service Conversations**

Service conversations are opened when you are within a customer service window, you send a free-form message to a customer, and no open conversation of any category exists between you and the customer.

For example, if an open conversation of any category exists between you and a customer and you send them a free-form message within 24 hours, no new conversation is opened. However, if no open conversation exists and the customer messages you (which starts a customer service window) and you reply within 24 hours with a free-form message, a new service conversation is opened.

**[Customer-Initiated] Customer Service Windows**

When a customer messages you, a 24-hour timer called a customer service window starts. If you are within the window, you can send free-form messages or template messages. If you are outside the window, you can only send template messages.

**Multiple Conversations**

It is possible to have multiple open conversations between you and a customer. This can happen in the following situations:

An open marketing, utility, or authentication conversation exists between you and a customer and you send them a template message of a different category within 24 hours.

An open service conversation exists between you and a customer and you send them a template message within 24 hours.

**Duration of Conversations**

Marketing, utility, authentication, and service conversations last 24 hours unless closed by a newly opened free-entry point conversation.

Free-entry point conversations last 72 hours.

* * *

# WhatsApp Pricing

Unlike SMS, WhatsApp charges per conversation. Only business-initiated conversations are charged. The charge varies depending on the Template Category and country. All Customer-initiated or Free point conversations are free and are not charged. You must have a WhatsApp Subscription on the Sub-Account as well, which is charged the HighLevel Price of $10/mo. 

**[WhatsApp Sub-Account Subscription]:**  $10/mo

**[New Business-Initiated Conversation]:** The amount charged is based on the template category used and the recipient's country.

**[Free Entry Point Pricing]:** No charge

Template Pricing (New Business-Initiated Conversations)

**Market**| **Currency**| **Marketing**| **Utility**| **Authentication**| **Service**  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
**Argentina**|  $US| 0.0649| 0.0428| 0.0385| 0.0332  
**Brazil**|  $US| 0.0656| 0.0368| 0.0331| 0.0315  
**Chile**|  $US| 0.0933| 0.0615| 0.0553| 0.0477  
**Colombia**|  $US| 0.0131| 0.0089| 0.0081| 0.0063  
**Egypt**|  $US| 0.1127| 0.0721| 0.0649| 0.0676  
**France**|  $US| 0.1504| 0.0806| 0.0726| 0.0902  
**Germany**|  $US| 0.1433| 0.0896| 0.0806| 0.0860  
**India**|  $US| 0.0104| 0.0044| n/a| 0.0042  
**Indonesia**|  $US| 0.0432| 0.0210| 0.0315| 0.0200  
**Israel**|  $US| 0.0371| 0.0197| 0.0177| 0.0189  
**Italy**|  $US| 0.0726| 0.0441| 0.0397| 0.0405  
**Malaysia**|  $US| 0.0903| 0.0210| 0.0189| 0.0231  
**Mexico**|  $US| 0.0458| 0.0279| 0.0251| 0.0110  
**Netherlands**|  $US| 0.1677| 0.0840| 0.0756| 0.0936  
**Nigeria**|  $US| 0.0542| 0.0335| 0.0301| 0.0326  
**Pakistan**|  $US| 0.0497| 0.0266| 0.0239| 0.0149  
**Peru**|  $US| 0.0738| 0.0440| 0.0396| 0.0188  
**Russia**|  $US| 0.0842| 0.0501| 0.0450| 0.0418  
**Saudi Arabia**|  $US| 0.0426| 0.0265| 0.0237| 0.0205  
**South Africa**|  $US| 0.0398| 0.0210| 0.0189| 0.0176  
**Spain**|  $US| 0.0646| 0.0399| 0.0359| 0.0387  
**Turkey**|  $US| 0.0114| 0.0098| 0.0087| 0.0032  
**United Arab Emirates**|  $US| 0.0357| 0.0208| 0.0187| 0.0200  
**United Kingdom**|  $US| 0.0740| 0.0418| 0.0376| 0.0407  
**North America**|  $US| 0.0263| 0.0158| 0.0142| 0.0092  
**Rest of Africa**|  $US| 0.0236| 0.0168| 0.0151| 0.0381  
**Rest of Asia Pacific**|  $US| 0.0769| 0.0496| 0.0446| 0.0235  
**Rest of Central & Eastern Europe**| $US| 0.0903| 0.0650| 0.0585| 0.0263  
**Rest of Latin America**|  $US| 0.0777| 0.0519| 0.0467| 0.0444  
**Rest of Middle East**|  $US| 0.0358| 0.0208| 0.0187| 0.0229  
**Rest of Western Europe**|  $US| 0.0622| 0.0441| 0.0397| 0.0417  
**Other**|  $US| 0.0634| 0.0355| 0.0319| 0.0152  

 _*Pricing is subject to change from time to time as per Meta’s policy._

* * *

**Conclusion**

WhatsApp, when integrated with High Level, offers powerful tools for efficient communication and automation in your business workflows. Explore the possibilities today and enhance your business's messaging capabilities!

* * *

# FAQs

## Q. If a contact sends me a WhatsApp Message, and then an SMS message, can I reply on both?

Yes, you will select the option you want to reply to. Also, we have color-coated and labeled all inbound messages by channel. WhatsApp is a Channel and SMS and a Channel. The only part is you will need to select the correct channel when replying.

## Q. Can I use an Existing WhatsApp Number?

Yes, but there are restrictions. To utilize HighLevel (or any application-to-person system like it) you have to utilize a WhatsApp business account. You cannot use an existing WhatsApp number if it belongs to another WhatsApp account. This includes your personal WhatsApp Number. To change this, you need to release the number from an existing WhatsApp account. Then it can be added to an existing WhatsApp Account.

Learn how to remove from an existing account here:

[Troubleshoot connecting your WhatsApp phone number to your business's Facebook Page ](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/2091769220999799#:~:text=Remove%20your%20WhatsApp%20phone%20number%20in%20Meta%20Business%20Suite&text=Click%20Settings%20and%20help%2C%20then,then%20click%20Remove%20WhatsApp%20account.)

[How to delete a phone number from the WhatsApp Business Platform ](https://faq.whatsapp.com/209248051996804)

Note: During the signup process at the Sub-Account Level, if you have an existing WhatsApp Business Account, you will be able to select it.

## Q. You have already linked the maximum number of phone numbers allowed for this business account. Delete a phone number to continue or request additional numbers.

Meta allows you to have only two phone numbers per WABA account

## Q. I am getting Message Undeliverable error

Reasons can include:

  * The recipient phone number is not a WhatsApp phone number.
  * Sending an authentication template to a WhatsApp user who has a +91 country calling code (India). Authentication templates currently cannot be sent to WhatsApp users in India.
  * The message was not delivered to create a high quality user experience. See [Per-User Marketing Template Message Limits](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/cloud-api/guides/send-message-templates#per-user-marketing-template-message-limits).

## Q. Failed to send a message because this user's phone number is part of an experiment

Starting June 14, 2023, roughly 1% of WhatsApp users will not receive marketing template messages from any business unless one of the following conditions is met:

  * a [customer service window](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/pricing#customer-service-windows) exists between the customer and the business
  * an open [marketing conversation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/pricing#conversation-categories) exists between the customer and the business
  * an open [free-entry point conversation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/pricing#free-entry-point-conversations) exists between the customer and the business

If you send a marketing template message to a customer who is part of the experiment group, your message will not be sent and you will not be billed for it since no conversation was created

## Q. What is Per-User Marketing Template Message Limits

To create high-quality user experiences and maximize marketing template message engagement, we may limit the number of marketing template messages a person receives from any business in a given period of time, starting with a small number of conversations that are less likely to be read. Note that the limit is determined based on the number of marketing template messages that person has already received from any business, and is not related to your business specifically.

The limit only applies to marketing template messages that would normally [open a new marketing conversation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/pricing#opening-conversations). If a marketing conversation is already open between you and a WhatsApp user, marketing template messages sent to the user will not be affected.

## Q. Customers are not able to see my Business name on their WhatsApp app, instead they are seeing the phone number

You need to Verify your business on Meta. You will Get 1,000+ daily business-initiated conversations and show your business name in chat with customers. [Submit business documents in Business Manager to verify your business](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/1095661473946872?id=180505742745347).

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)

## You may like to read -

  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [Action - WhatsApp](/support/solutions/articles/155000003531-action-whatsapp)
  * [WhatsApp Bulk Action](/support/solutions/articles/155000001790-whatsapp-bulk-action)
  * [WhatsApp Coexistence Feature - Closed Beta](/support/solutions/articles/155000003417-whatsapp-coexistence-feature-closed-beta)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
