Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Client Portal](/support/solutions/155000000004)
  4. [Client Portal](/support/solutions/folders/155000000015)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Client Portal](/support/solutions/155000000004)
     * [Client Portal](/support/solutions/folders/155000000015)
  6. How to Use Assignments in Courses

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use Assignments in Courses

Modified on: Thu, 6 Jun, 2024 at 3:46 PM

### More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/ZWJiwKR5OLE>

<https://youtu.be/9ZWpAZfLTRg>

#   

## Courses - Assignments now available in PWA

Assignments in Mobile:

No more being tied to your desk! With our latest update, you can now take your assignments on the go, right from your mobile device. Whether you're lounging at the park or stuck in traffic (as a passenger, of course), managing your assignments has never been easier.

  * Mobile-friendly assignment now available on your phone. Can be accessed through mobile browser and PWA.
  * Check out your latest assignment submission in a snap!
  * Peek at your instructor's feedback without breaking a sweat!

Assignment UI optimisations in Desktop for all themes:

  * Experience a revamped confirmation message toggle and a sleek new design for mobile devices!
  * We've created a tidy gap between assignment instructions and your submitted answers and files.
  * We've boosted the performance of the previous and next buttons for seamless post browsing!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How can my customers use the Client Portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000197-how-can-my-customers-use-the-client-portal-)
  * [How to set up the Client Portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000193-how-to-set-up-the-client-portal-)
  * [Client Portal Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000001205-client-portal-dashboard)
  * [Client Portal - Single Sign On (SSO) and Magic Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000001667-client-portal-single-sign-on-sso-and-magic-links)

## You may like to read -

  * [Kajabi Importer: Easily Move Courses to Highlevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000001725-kajabi-importer-easily-move-courses-to-highlevel)
  * [Paid Courses inside Communities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002135-paid-courses-inside-communities)
  * [How To Build Courses / Membership Sites](/support/solutions/articles/48001141015-how-to-build-courses-membership-sites)
  * [Client Portal - Single Sign On (SSO) and Magic Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000001667-client-portal-single-sign-on-sso-and-magic-links)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
