Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Facebook comments + Workflow AI

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Facebook comments + Workflow AI

Modified on: Wed, 1 May, 2024 at 5:28 AM

We have the "Respond on Comment" action. In this action you can enter multiple pre defined comment options but what if you want to tailor your comments based on the comment of the user. This is possible now using the GPT action.

**How to use?**

  1. Add a "GPT powered by OpenAI" action before the "Respond on comment" action. (Please make sure that Facebook - User comments on a post or Instagram - User comments on a post trigger is available).
  2. Select the Action Type as Custom and write the Prompt about how you want your response on the comment.
  3. From the custom value picker select the Facebook or Instagram Comment body and Save the action.
  4. Now add the "Respond on comment" action.
  5. In the response field from the custom value picker select the response from the GPT action.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [A List of Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002294-a-list-of-workflow-actions)
  * [Introduction to Workflows and Automations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002445-introduction-to-workflows-and-automations)
  * [Workflow AI Assistant](/support/solutions/articles/155000003970-workflow-ai-assistant)
  * [Conversation AI: Multiple Messages in One Workflow Action](/support/solutions/articles/155000003207-conversation-ai-multiple-messages-in-one-workflow-action)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
