Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  6. How to change the Timezone for a Dashboard (Logged in User)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to change the Timezone for a Dashboard (Logged in User)

Modified on: Wed, 10 Apr, 2024 at 2:16 AM

Say goodbye to data discrepancies and hello to personalized data viewing with the Timezone Switcher for Dashboard!

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

      * Step 1: Open Your Dashboard: 
      * Step 2: Access Settings
      * Step 3: Select "Manage Dashboard Timezone"
      * Step 4: Choose Your Timezone
      * Step 5: Save Changes
  * Important Note: 

* * *

### **Step 1: Open Your Dashboard:  **

  * Whether it's your private dashboard or a shared one, navigate to the dashboard you want to customize.  

### **Step 2: Access Settings**

  * Click on the 3-dot menu icon located on the top right corner.

### **Step 3: Select "Manage Dashboard Timezone"**

  * 

### **Step 4: Choose Your Timezone**

  * From the dropdown menu, select your preferred timezone.

### **Step 5: Save Changes**

* * *

# Important Note: 

  * The selected timezone will be applied to all the dashboards you view.
  * Timezone changes only affect internal data metrics, not third-party dependent widgets

To learn more about the Custom Dashboards, [click here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001530)!

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Dashboard: Opportunities, Pipeline Value, Conversion Rate, Funnel, Stages Distribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001152117-dashboard-opportunities-pipeline-value-conversion-rate-funnel-stages-distribution)
  * [Dashboard Funnel chart opportunities explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181826-dashboard-funnel-chart-opportunities-explained)
  * [Lead source report explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181830-lead-source-report-explained)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to switch Timezones for your Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001628-how-to-switch-timezones-for-your-dashboards)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)
  * [FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000001230-faqs)
  * [Disable Contact Timezone - How to Remove Ability to Adjust Timezones When Scheduling](/support/solutions/articles/48000982200-disable-contact-timezone-how-to-remove-ability-to-adjust-timezones-when-scheduling)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
