Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. Schedule your Youtube Shorts and Videos in Social Planner

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Schedule your Youtube Shorts and Videos in Social Planner

Modified on: Wed, 28 Aug, 2024 at 8:12 AM

**__**__

YouTube, being one of the biggest social media platforms, is crucial for content creators and marketing agencies. While it has always been a source of entertaining content, it is now becoming an essential tool for marketers.  

**How to Create a YouTube Video or Short in Social Planner:**

  1. 1\. Go to Marketing > Social Planner.
  2. 2\. Connect your YouTube account with Google Integrations and select the account.  
  
To verify whether your Google account owns a YouTube channel, sign in to your [YouTube account settings page](https://www.youtube.com/account) . Your YouTube channel will be listed there, or you will see Create a channel if you don't have one yet.  

  3.   

  4.   

  5.   6. 3\. Go to Create New Post.
  7. 4\. Select the YouTube channel for posting.
  8. 5\. Add your video description in the caption along with hashtags and emojis.
  9. 6\. Select either the Video or Shorts option.
  10. 7\. Add a title for your YouTube Video or Short.

  * Note: By default, #shorts is appended to the title when the Shorts option is selected.  
8\. Set the privacy level: Public, Private, or Unlisted.

  1. 9\. Add a follow-up comment to your post if needed.
  2. 10\. Schedule your YouTube Video or Short.

**Video and Short Dimensions for YouTube:**  

\- Users can add videos and shorts of up to 1GB.

\- Thumbnails can be PNG or JPEG and up to 2MB in size for a verified user.

\- Shorts must be 60 seconds or less and should have a vertical aspect ratio (recommended 9:16).

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Embed content on dashboards with our embed widgets](/support/solutions/articles/155000001627-embed-content-on-dashboards-with-our-embed-widgets)
  * [How to schedule Posts using RSS URL?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001052-how-to-schedule-posts-using-rss-url-)
  * [HighLevel How-To's: Build A Payment Page To Sign Up New Clients](/support/solutions/articles/48001162995-highlevel-how-to-s-build-a-payment-page-to-sign-up-new-clients)
  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
