Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. How to Use the Enhanced Form Builder Features for Greater...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use the Enhanced Form Builder Features for Greater Flexibility

Modified on: Wed, 31 Jul, 2024 at 8:31 PM

We’ve introduced single forms and new layout options in our form builder to give you greater flexibility and control over your form designs.

What's New

Single Column Layout: This is the classic layout, where all fields are arranged vertically, one below the other.

Two Column Layout:

Previously known as inline forms, this layout allows you to place fields side-by-side in two columns, providing a balanced and compact form structure.

Single Line Layout:

Add up to 5 fields in a single horizontal line for a streamlined, minimalist form design.

Field Width:

The new Field Width in Percentage feature allows you to set the width of form fields as a percentage of the available form width. This ensures that fields scale proportionally, providing a responsive design and opening the doors for creativity

How to Use:

  * Go to the form builder section in your dashboard.
  * Choose your preferred layout: Single Column, Two Column, or Single Line.
  * Customize your form with the new Field Width setting to control the size of each field.

Key Features / Benefits.

Three Versatile Layout Options: Choose between Single Column, Two Column, and Single Line to best suit your form’s purpose and appearance.

Single Line Layout: Perfect for creating concise, horizontal forms with up to 5 fields in one line.

Field Width Setting: Adjust the width of each field for a tailored and aesthetically pleasing form design.

Notes:

  * All the old form when opened in builder. Depending upon inline form option was ON/OFF it will automatically select One Column or Two Column Layout.
  * Old form in Preview will still work and it will respect the old Inline Form Settings
  * Currently single line forms can have upto 5 fields.

Examples:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [Split Columns Support: Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000004041-split-columns-support-documents-contracts)
  * [Right Sidebar Revamp in Form and Survey Builder](/support/solutions/articles/155000004090-right-sidebar-revamp-in-form-and-survey-builder)
  * [How to Use the New Block Editor in Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/articles/155000002947-how-to-use-the-new-block-editor-in-funnels-and-websites)
  * [Conditional Logic in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000001314-conditional-logic-in-forms)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
