Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Contact Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000748)
  6. Workflow Trigger - Facebook/Instagram - Comment(s) on a Post

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Trigger - Facebook/Instagram - Comment(s) on a Post

Modified on: Wed, 11 Sep, 2024 at 8:32 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Overview
    * Trigger Name
    * Trigger Description
    * How to Configure
    * Points to be Noted
    * Example

##   

## Overview

The Facebook/Instagram - Comment(s) on a Post trigger allows businesses to automate responses to comments made on their Facebook posts. This feature enhances engagement by enabling immediate interaction with users who comment, thereby improving customer relationships and potentially increasing conversions.

## Trigger Name

  * Facebook - Comment(s) on a Post
  * Instagram - Comment(s) on a Post

## Trigger Description

The trigger activates when a user comments on a specified post on a Facebook page. This trigger can be configured to respond to comments containing specific phrases or keywords, allowing for tailored responses based on user interactions.

## How to Configure

#### **Step-b****y-Step Guide**

#  How to integrate Facebook and Instagram account?

Follow the below mentioned steps to integrate your account

  1. Go to settings
  2. Go to integrations
  3. Hover over to Facebook and Instagram section
  4. Connect your account

# What are the new Triggers?

When creating a workflow click on "Add Trigger". The triggers related to comment automation are present in the "Facebook/Instagram events" category. You can directly search for the trigger or scroll down to the category.

  * Facebook - User comments on a post  
  * Instagram - User comments on a post

1\. Go to triggers and select from the available triggers based on your use case.

2\. After clicking on the trigger the sidebar will open. There are multiple filters present here. The first step is to select the Page.

3\. After selecting the Page you have to select the Post Type. Post type can be "Published" or "Custom"

    **a. Published Post  **\- 'Published Posts' tab includes all posts on your business page - it could be text, photo,                video or live video types of posts. You can also select the "View on Facebook" hyperlink to take you to the post.

     **  b. Custom Post **\- 'Custom' tab allows you to find and connect the post by entering the Facebook post's URL           or ID. Select Custom in Post type, add the "Post is" filter and paste the URL of the post in the field against              Post is field.

4\. After selecting the post you have to enter what are you looking for in the comment. You can select from 2 options "Contains Phrase" and "Exact Match". Below are some examples to understand these 2 dropdown better.

Exact Match - Price

Inbound message - Price

Result - Pass

Exact Match - Share the Price

Inbound message - Share the Price

Result - Pass

Exact Match - Share the Price

Inbound message - Please share the Price

Result - Fail

Contains Exact Phrase - I bought from you

Inbound message - I bought from you

Result - Pass

Contains Exact Phrase - I bought from you

Inbound message - I bought from you yesterday

Result - Pass

Contains Exact Phrase - I bought from you

Inbound message - I bought **one** from you

Result - Fail

5\. You can also use the toggle to turn on tracking of only first level comments. If this is turned on only first level of comments will trigger the workflow.

#   

## Points to be Noted

  * When a contact is coming through the trigger, it will be saved as a contact and First Name and Last Name of the contact will be stored.

  * In triggers "Page is" is the first field to be selected. All the other fields are dependent on it and if the "Page is" filter is deleted all the other filters will also be deleted.
  * Upto 3 buttons can be added in the Interactive Messenger action.
  * No further actions can be added after the "Call" button. 
  * After the call button the contact will directly move to the Default Branch.
  * By default a wait of 1 minute is added which is editable.
  * If no button is selected, contact will go to the "Default Timeout" branch.
  * If Reply to DM is selected, the system will check if there is any conversation that happened within the last 24 hrs and if yes then it’ll send a message else it’ll fail to send.
  * Reply to DM will be used in 2 scenarios. First one is when you want to start the conversation with the user who has send you a DM and second when you want to continue the conversation with the user after the Reply to comment via DM. For eg. when in the first action Reply to comment via DM is selected as Reply Type, subsequent actions will have Reply to DM as Reply type.
  * When using Reply to comment via DM, if the contact has not replied to the First Interactive Messenger action then Interactive Messenger Action will not work in the Default Timeout Branch.
  * For Reply to comment via DM a 7 day window is applicable. You need to send a reply to the comment via DM in 7 days otherwise the delivery will fail.  

## Example

## Scenario: A Fitness Studio Promotion

**Objective** : A fitness studio wants to promote a new class and engage with potential customers commenting on their promotional post.

## Trigger:

  1. **Facebook - Comment(s) on a Post Trigger** : The trigger activates when a user comments on the studio's promotional post about a new yoga class.

Actions

  1. **Reply in Comment Action** : Using this action the Studio is able to Like the customers comment and even reply in the comment.
  2. **Facebook Interactive Messenger** : Using this action the Studio can engage with the customer over DM and continue the conversation.

## Outcome:

  * The studio sees increased engagement on their post, with users receiving immediate responses to their inquiries.
  * This automation not only helps in capturing leads but also enhances customer satisfaction by providing timely information, ultimately leading to higher sign-up rates for the new class.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Create Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002685-action-create-contact)
  * [Action - Find Contact](/support/solutions/articles/155000002686-action-find-contact)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [Action - Add Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/155000003111-action-add-contact-tag)

## You may like to read -

  * [Instagram DM - Workflow Action](/support/solutions/articles/155000003298-instagram-dm-workflow-action)
  * [Facebook / Instagram - User comments on a Post trigger](/support/solutions/articles/155000002171-facebook-instagram-user-comments-on-a-post-trigger)
  * [Trigger - Inbound Webhook](/support/solutions/articles/155000003147-trigger-inbound-webhook)
  * [How to use Facebook comment automation for Facebook Groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000002147-how-to-use-facebook-comment-automation-for-facebook-groups)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
