Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Lead Generation with Hosted Videos Using Forms

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Lead Generation with Hosted Videos Using Forms

Modified on: Wed, 17 Apr, 2024 at 4:42 PM

This feature allows users to generate more leads by setting a timestamp lock on the hosted video, which then displays a popup form. The viewer will need to complete and submit this form to continue watching the video.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Benefits
  * How to Use:
    * Important Notes:
  * Demo:
  * FAQ:
    * Q: How do I set up the timestamp lock?
    * Q: Can viewers bypass the form?
    * Q: Can I use any video for this feature?
    * Q: What happens if a user has already submitted a form for a video?
    * Q: Can I use this feature with video elements inside popups?

* * *

# **Benefits**

  * **Restricted Viewing:** Limit video viewing up to a specific timestamp.
  * **Enhanced Engagement:  **Engage your audience and generate leads effortlessly.
  * **Incentivize Viewers:  **Lock the most captivating part of the video to encourage course sign-ups, registrations, and more.
  * **Video Funnels:** Utilize our beautiful forms to transform your video into a lead generation funnel.

# **How to Use:**

  * Add the "Video" element and choose the "Hosted Video" option. 
  * Enable the "Generate leads from video" setting.
  * Enter the desired timestamp when you would like to the form to appear (in hours, minutes, or seconds). 
  * Choose a form to display at the specified timestamp.
  * Decide whether to allow users to close the form and continue watching. If this option is disabled, viewers must submit the form for the video to proceed.

## **Important Notes:**

  * If a user has previously submitted a form for a specific video, the timestamp lock will not appear for two weeks, allowing uninterrupted viewing.
  * This feature requires the "Hosting Video" option since this is the only video type that supports time tracking.
  * The feature is incompatible with video elements inside popups to avoid overlay issues.

* * *

# **Demo:******  

* * *

# **FAQ:**

## **Q: How do I set up the timestamp lock?**

A: After selecting your video, enable the "Generate leads from video" toggle and input your desired timestamp.

## **Q: Can viewers bypass the form?**

A: If you enable the "Allow user to close the form and continue" option, viewers can close the form without submitting. If disabled, they must submit the form to continue.

## **Q: Can I use any video for this feature?**

A: This feature is available only for hosted videos.

## **Q: What happens if a user has already submitted a form for a video?**

A: The timestamp lock will not be displayed for two weeks, allowing the user to watch the video without interruptions.

## **Q: Can I use this feature with video elements inside popups?**

A: No, this feature is not available for video elements within popups to prevent overlay issues.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Hosted Video Player For Funnels](/support/solutions/articles/48001224428-hosted-video-player-for-funnels)
  * [Media Library Specs & Formats](/support/solutions/articles/48001216629-media-library-specs-formats)
  * [Tracking Viewer Progress on a Funnel Hosted Video](/support/solutions/articles/48001227304-tracking-viewer-progress-on-a-funnel-hosted-video)
  * [How to schedule Posts using RSS URL?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001052-how-to-schedule-posts-using-rss-url-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
