Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How to save items in email builder for quick access?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to save items in email builder for quick access?

Modified on: Tue, 24 Sep, 2024 at 1:38 PM

Creating professional and symmetric emails can be challenging and time-consuming. This guide will show you how to save design elements and layouts for reuse, helping you maintain symmetry and consistency in your emails.  
  
By following these tips, you can streamline your email creation process and ensure your emails always look polished and well-structured. Let's dive in!  
_  
**I****n t**_** _his Article, find the guide to:_**

1\. Save elements/ sections or layouts  
2\. Rename these sections for better administration  
3\. Search the items for quick access

** _Steps to save an element or layout:_**

**Step 1 |  **Navigate to the _Marketing - > Email Marketing _and open any Campaign/ Template  

**Step 2 |** Create the Layout or Element you wish to save  
  
**Step 3 |** Hover over the element or layout and click on the _"Save"_ icon

**Step 4|  **Access the element under the Saved Items section at right hand top  
 _Please Note* This will be stored globally and available in builders for all existing or new email templates/ campaigns for quick access for that location*_

__

 **Step 5|  **User can now also rename the elements for quick search by clicking on three dots and selecting "_Rename"_

Click the Rename button to Edit the text to desired name, in this example we have renamed it as "Weekly Update Body Content".

**Step 6|  **Use the search bar to quickly access the required item.

**  
**  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Toggle Certificates User Permissions + Undo & Redo Functionality](/support/solutions/articles/155000002663-how-to-toggle-certificates-user-permissions-undo-redo-functionality)
  * [How to Sell Your Subscription Based Services & Recurring Products in Your GHL Ecom Store](/support/solutions/articles/155000002833-how-to-sell-your-subscription-based-services-recurring-products-in-your-ghl-ecom-store)
  * [How to Quickly Add and Edit Custom Fields in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003223-how-to-quickly-add-and-edit-custom-fields-in-forms-and-surveys)
  * [Shopping Cart Mode in One and Two-step Order forms (V2 Funnels only)](/support/solutions/articles/48001221440-shopping-cart-mode-in-one-and-two-step-order-forms-v2-funnels-only-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
