Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. Carousel ads in Ad Manager

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Carousel ads in Ad Manager

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 10:03 AM

In this article, we will be discussing the steps taken to create carousel ads and how it is beneficial to the ad campaign created by the ad publisher.

* * *

## **TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What are Carousel Ads?
  * What are the benefits of Carousel Ads over static advertisements?
  * How can I create a multi-media or carousel ad campaign in Ad Manager?

* * *

## **What are Carousel Ads?**

Carousel ads are an effective way of telling a story, highlighting different products, or showcasing various features of a single product. They engage users more actively than static ads, allowing for a more interactive experience.

It is a type of ad format that allows marketers to showcase multiple images or videos in a single ad unit. Users can swipe through the different cards, each of which can feature its own image, video, headline, description, and link. 

* * *

## **What are the benefits of Carousel Ads over static advertisements?**

There's no comparison between the two ad formats but in terms of usability and how effective each format is, below are a few pointers defining the added advantage of carousel ads:

  * **Improved Engagement:  **Carousel ads can enhance user's advertising strategy by making the ad content more engaging and effective.
  * **Increased Click-Through Rates** : Users are often more likely to click on carousel ads since they can see more options at once, which can lead to higher click-through rates compared to single-image ads.
  * **Mobile-Friendly** : The swipe-able format is well-suited for mobile users, who represent a significant portion of Facebook's audience.
  * **Cost-Effective** : By showcasing multiple products in one ad, you may reduce the overall cost per click (CPC) compared to running several individual ads.

* * *

## **How can I create a multi-media or carousel ad campaign in Ad Manager?**

During the campaign creation process, while defining the Ad Content in the first step, the existing media section is expanded with two options under the media type sub-section: Single and **Carousel.**  

Here's a quick video illustrating the steps to be taken to create a Carousel Ad using the media from the Media Library and the steps to do so are elaborated as follows:[](https://www.loom.com/share/c7a1e96ee6184f68b69c0f2d192e1da9?sid=f9153f8c-c9f2-4962-8db8-dc0aa9b58084)  
[](https://www.loom.com/share/c7a1e96ee6184f68b69c0f2d192e1da9?sid=f9153f8c-c9f2-4962-8db8-dc0aa9b58084)

  1. Select the 'Carousel' radio button and click on the"Upload media" button, user has the ability to add multiple images or videos upto a limit of 10 per campaign.  

  2. Click on Upload Media button for the media library to open up and the images or videos or both needed for the campaign can be multi selected and used in the campaign by clicking "**Insert Files** ".  

  3. Each media that is added to the campaign will have a separate 'Headline' and 'Description', with headline being a required field. 
    
        **Note:  **Each added image can be re-ordered in the same form as it's expected to be shown in the ad.

        **Note:  **A campaign cannot be published with errors and if a headline is not present for each media uploaded, the campaign will have errors.

  4. Thumbnail of an uploaded video can be modified by clicking on the uploaded video and selecting the thumbnail you wish to be shown in the ad.  

  5. An uploaded image or video can be removed/deleted by clicking on the uploaded image/video icon and clicking on the dustbin icon.

  6. The preview section will demonstrate the media added for the campaign and how will it appear as an advertisement.

  7. Under 'Review and Publish' section, all the images or videos which are used for the campaign are shown in the ad content > media section.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to set up Facebook Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001204042-how-to-set-up-facebook-ad-reporting)
  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Connect Facebook with Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003044-connect-facebook-with-ad-manager)
  * [Ad Manager settings](/support/solutions/articles/155000003051-ad-manager-settings)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
