Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/48000455557)
  4. [Getting Started](/support/solutions/folders/155000000858)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Affiliate Manager](/support/solutions/48000455557)
     * [Getting Started](/support/solutions/folders/155000000858)
  6. How to Switch from FirstPromoter to Affiliate Manager?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Switch from FirstPromoter to Affiliate Manager?

Modified on: Tue, 1 Oct, 2024 at 2:07 AM

In this guide, we'll walk you through the steps to export your affiliate list from FirstPromoter and import it into the Affiliate Manager.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Step 1: Export Your Affiliate List from FirstPromoter
    * Step 2: Format Your Exported File
    * Step 3: Import Your CSV into the Affiliate Manager
    * Next Steps

* * *

### **Step 1: Export Your Affiliate List from FirstPromoter**

  1. **Log in to the FirstPromoter Dashboard** : Navigate to the dashboard of your FirstPromoter account.
  2. **Go to the 'Promoters' Section** : Click on the 'Promoters' tab in the menu.
  3. **Click on 'Export'** : Locate and click the 'Export' button (highlighted in red).  

### **Step 2: Format Your Exported File**

  1. **Download the Exported File** : Once the export is complete, download the file in CSV format.
  2. **Format the File** : Ensure your CSV file matches the supported import format. 

### **Step 3: Import Your CSV into the Affiliate Manager**

  1. **Access the Affiliate Manager** : Log in to your Affiliate Manager account.
  2. **Upload Your CSV** : Go to the Affiliate section and click on "Add" and choose "Upload Affiliate". Make sure the file format matches the sample file ([Sample File](https://storage.googleapis.com/affiliate-manager-app/static-assets/Affiliate-Sample-Upload-Sheet.csv))
  3. Once your file is prepared, upload and click on Next  

### **Next Steps**

Once your affiliates are successfully imported into the CRM, you can start managing them by creating new Affiliate Campaigns or editing existing ones. Use the 'Add' button to set up new campaigns or modify current ones to fit your needs.

* * *

## **What's Next:**

  * [Glossary](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000003633-glossary)
  * [Affiliate Manager Walkthrough Videos](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000003636-affiliate-manager-walkthrough-videos)
  * [How does the Affiliate Manager work?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000003637-how-does-the-affiliate-manager-work-)
  * [Managing Multiple Campaigns in Affiliate Marketing](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000003638-managing-multiple-campaigns-in-affiliate-marketing)

* * *

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Glossary](/support/solutions/articles/155000003633-glossary)
  * [Affiliate Manager Walkthrough Videos](/support/solutions/articles/155000003636-affiliate-manager-walkthrough-videos)
  * [How does the Affiliate Manager work?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003637-how-does-the-affiliate-manager-work-)
  * [Managing Multiple Campaigns in Affiliate Marketing](/support/solutions/articles/155000003638-managing-multiple-campaigns-in-affiliate-marketing)

## You may like to read -

  * [Affiliate Manager Walkthrough Videos](/support/solutions/articles/155000003636-affiliate-manager-walkthrough-videos)
  * [Managing Multiple Campaigns in Affiliate Marketing](/support/solutions/articles/155000003638-managing-multiple-campaigns-in-affiliate-marketing)
  * [How does the Affiliate Manager work?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003637-how-does-the-affiliate-manager-work-)
  * [Glossary](/support/solutions/articles/155000003633-glossary)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
