Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. How to Enable Editable Quantities in Payment Links

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Enable Editable Quantities in Payment Links

Modified on: Fri, 6 Sep, 2024 at 9:35 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What's New?
  * How to Use?
  * Why We Built It?

## **What's New?**

  * We’ve added a new feature that lets your customers edit product quantities directly on the payment links you send them.
  * This means they can adjust the number of items they want to buy before they complete their purchase.

## **How to Use?**

  * When you’re creating a payment link, you’ll now see an option to allow "Let customers adjust quantities."
  * Check the box
  * Set minimum and maximum quantities

  * Share the payment link as you normally would.
  * Users can then edit the quantity and then pay the total amount.

## **Why We Built It?**

  * We know that flexibility is key to a great shopping experience. By letting customers adjust quantities on the spot, we’re making it easier for them to get exactly what they need.
  * Plus, it’s something our users have been asking for, and we’re always listening to your feedback!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [Shopping Cart Mode in One and Two-step Order forms (V2 Funnels only)](/support/solutions/articles/48001221440-shopping-cart-mode-in-one-and-two-step-order-forms-v2-funnels-only-)
  * [How to Print Packing Slips for Your Ecommerce Orders](/support/solutions/articles/155000003121-how-to-print-packing-slips-for-your-ecommerce-orders)
  * [How to Set Up Automatic Taxes for Fast Payment Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000003070-how-to-set-up-automatic-taxes-for-fast-payment-links)
  * [How to print shipping labels or packing slips for my store orders?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002943-how-to-print-shipping-labels-or-packing-slips-for-my-store-orders-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
