Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
  4. [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  6. Right Panel & Expandable Sidebar in Conversations

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Right Panel & Expandable Sidebar in Conversations

Modified on: Tue, 24 Oct, 2023 at 12:04 AM

Introducing the Slim Panel within Conversations. This slim, sleek panel, located on the right side of screen, represents the future of intuitive navigation and consolidated information access. It can be expanded or collapsed at your discretion, enabling users to engage effortlessly with the data and features you need. Within the Slim Panel, users are granted the power of choice. Users can seamlessly switch between "Contact," "Appointments," and "Opportunity" views with just one click.  

**In This Article**

  * Feature 1 - Contact 
  * Feature 2 - Appointments 
  * Feature 3 - [Opportunit](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000001321/edit?portalId=48000045315#Feature/action-2---Sorting)y 

* * *

With these enhancements, users can access all the essential data and features they need within Conversations itself. No more navigating to different modules. The user experience has been refined to be seamless and effortless. We've made information more accessible, designed it to streamline interactions, improve efficiency, and make your experience more intuitive and productive.

## Feature 1 - Contact

Users can now add, edit, and manage contact details seamlessly, covering everything from name, phone number, and email, to owner details, tags, campaign associations, and the all-important DnD (Do Not Disturb) settings. It's a one-stop-shop for keeping your contact database up-to-date without missing any ongoing conversation.  

## Feature 2 - Appointments

Users can now effortlessly book new appointments, view both upcoming and past appointments, and even reschedule them—all from the Right Panel. No more cumbersome navigation through multiple screens. With this feature, you can stay on top of your schedule.

## Feature 3 - Opportunity

Users can create new opportunities, view all existing opportunities associated with a contact, and seamlessly edit opportunity details, all within a single, centralized location

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Unread VS Read - Must Manually Mark as Read](/support/solutions/articles/48000980858-unread-vs-read-must-manually-mark-as-read)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to CC (Carbon Copy) and BCC (Blind Carbon Copy) for email composer](/support/solutions/articles/155000000444-how-to-cc-carbon-copy-and-bcc-blind-carbon-copy-for-email-composer)
  * [Contact Engagement score](/support/solutions/articles/155000001251-contact-engagement-score)

## You may like to read -

  * [Response Info for your AI message](/support/solutions/articles/155000003706-response-info-for-your-ai-message)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [Activity Cards in Conversations](/support/solutions/articles/155000001322-activity-cards-in-conversations)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
