Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
  4. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  6. Automatic invoice creation after Document/Contract is signed

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Automatic invoice creation after Document/Contract is signed

Modified on: Sat, 16 Mar, 2024 at 1:00 AM

  * Businesses would be able to have an invoice created automatically after the potential lead accepts/signs the document/contract
  * The generated invoice would be a replica of the line items, taxes, and discounts applied on the products list element inside the document/contract
  * The business would be able to directly review the invoice, make any edits if required, and send it to the client for payment using the 

View Invoice

 action in the Finalized list view
  * An invoice will not be created if there are no product line items associated with the document/contract
  * A cumulative invoice of all the line items and discounts associated with each element will be created in case multiple product list elements exist inside the document

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)
  * [Automatic invoice creation after Document/Contract is signed](/support/solutions/articles/155000001299-automatic-invoice-creation-after-document-contract-is-signed)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001300-multiple-recipient-support-on-documents-contracts)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Set Up Automatic Tax Calculations in Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/155000003107-how-to-set-up-automatic-tax-calculations-in-invoices)
  * [How to enable Sales Receipts for Order Form, Calendar and Invoice payments](/support/solutions/articles/155000000261-how-to-enable-sales-receipts-for-order-form-calendar-and-invoice-payments)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Proposals and Estimates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003712-multiple-recipient-support-on-proposals-and-estimates)
  * [How to make agency subscription payments with 3DS cards?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001685-how-to-make-agency-subscription-payments-with-3ds-cards-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
