Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. How to Restore Deleted Workflow

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Restore Deleted Workflow

Modified on: Thu, 8 Aug, 2024 at 8:36 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What is this feature?
  * How to restore deleted workflows?
  * Permissions?
  * FAQs

### **What is this feature?**

This feature gives the ability to the user to restore the workflows that are deleted. 

### **How to restore deleted workflows?**

  * A new tab named "Deleted" is added in the workflow list page.
  * User can go to the tab and all the workflows that are deleted will populate here.
  * User can click on the "Restore" button for the workflow they want to restore.
  * To delete the workflow user has to type in the workflow name.

###   

###   

### **Permissions?**

Only the Location and Agency Admins will have the functionality to use this feature.

  * The restored workflow will not restore the permission it had before getting deleted, it will move to the root level.

### **FAQs**

**Q: For how long will the deleted workflows be present in the "Deleted" tab?**

A: The workflows will be removed from the "Deleted" tab after 90 days.

**Q: Can I delete the workflow I just restored?**

A: No, the restored workflows can't be deleted for the next 48 hours.

**Q: Can I restore the workflow I just deleted?**

A: You will be able to restore the workflow post 30 minutes of deleting the workflow as the deleting process will be WIP.

**Q: Will my workflow be in published state post restoring?**

A: No, upon successful restoration, the workflow will be placed in Draft stage.

**Q: What will happen to deleted workflow in case of location transfer?**

A: For the new location, deleted workflows from the old location will no longer be shown. Instead, only the deleted workflows from the new location will be displayed.

**Q: Will all the information be available in the workflow after restoring it?**

A: Below mentioned are the features related to the workflow that is being restored - 

  * On restoring a workflow the contacts information in enrolment history and execution logs will stay intact.
  * If there are any contacts which are in wait step, those will get removed from that particular execution
  * The restored workflow will retain its original triggers and actions with the same configuration.
  * If there were any contacts in the workflow when it was deleted, those wont be restored.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to set up Delete Contact action](/support/solutions/articles/155000001572-how-to-set-up-delete-contact-action)
  * [Recurring Tasks (currently in Labs)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003909-recurring-tasks-currently-in-labs-)
  * [Restore Deleted Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002468-restore-deleted-calendars)
  * [Deleting and Restoring Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002041-deleting-and-restoring-opportunities)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
