Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. How to set up Delete Contact action

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to set up Delete Contact action

Modified on: Wed, 13 Dec, 2023 at 6:51 AM

#### **In this Article**

  * What is Delete Contact Action?
  * How to set up Delete Contact action?
  * FAQs
  * Use Cases

#### **What is Delete Contact?**

Delete Contact is a powerful new action in workflow that permanently removes a contact from your account and workflows. This action provides a way to maintain a clean and organised contact list, ensuring you only target relevant leads and prospects.

#### **How to set up Delete Contact action in workflows?**

**Step 1 -  ****Add the Action -  **Click the "+" button to add an action. Search for delete contact or scroll down to "Actions" tab to select the same.

**Step 2 - Save the Action -  **Click on "Save Action" to finalise the workflow step.

#### **FAQs**

**Q:  ****Can Delete Contact Action be added anywhere in the workflow?**

A: Delete Contact action can be available only as the last step of the workflow. This action can only be added to the end of the branch.

**Q: Can I restore the deleted contact?  
** A:** ** Manual restoring of the contact can be done at the CRM end.

#### **Use Cases**

  * Auto deleting spam contacts.
  * Delete contact using inbound webhooks or custom webhooks.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Associations for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004033-associations-for-custom-objects)
  * [Split Action](/support/solutions/articles/155000001717-split-action)
  * [How to use the Inbound Webhook Workflow Premium Trigger?](/support/solutions/articles/48001237383-how-to-use-the-inbound-webhook-workflow-premium-trigger-)
  * [Workflow Action - Voicemail](/support/solutions/articles/155000003275-workflow-action-voicemail)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
