Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Campaigns](/support/solutions/folders/48000665900)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Campaigns](/support/solutions/folders/48000665900)
  6. How to analyze workflow campaigns?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to analyze workflow campaigns?

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 10:38 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What is Workflow Campaigns?
  * Why is This Beneficial?:
  *  How to Use

### **What is Workflow Campaigns?**

Workflow campaigns refer to the combination of all email actions present within a workflow. They allow you to manage and analyze email communications triggered by various workflow steps, offering a comprehensive view of the performance of each email action within a workflow.

To streamline your analysis, we’ve introduced a new way to view statistics for all your email campaigns—whether sent through workflows or as standalone campaigns.

###   
**Why is This Beneficial?** :

  * **Unified Statistics** : Having workflow email stats under **Email Marketing** makes it easier to track and compare campaign performance from one place.
  * **Comprehensive Insights** : You can now view both the overall workflow stats and break them down by individual email actions, allowing for deeper analysis of each step in your workflow.
  * **Simplified Editing** : You can edit workflows directly from the statistics screen, speeding up the process of making changes and improving efficiency  

###  **How to Use** :

  1. **Navigate to Workflow Campaigns** :

     * Go to **Email Marketing** -> **Campaigns** -> **Workflow Campaigns**.
     * This screen will give you access to the overall and individual email statistics.  

  2. **Edit Workflow** : To make changes, click on **Edit Workflow** to access the workflow builder.  

  3. **View Statistics** : To see workflow stats, click on **Statistics**. Use the dropdown menu to select and view statistics for individual email actions within the workflow.  

With these improvements, monitoring your email campaigns becomes faster, more insightful, and easier to manage, giving you full control over your email workflows

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to personalize you campaigns with conditional element](/support/solutions/articles/155000003903-how-to-personalize-you-campaigns-with-conditional-element)
  * [Using the Inline Forms/ Surveys Element in email campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003912-using-the-inline-forms-surveys-element-in-email-campaign)
  * [How to analyze workflow campaigns?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003902-how-to-analyze-workflow-campaigns-)
  * [How To Build SMS Opt-In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001170758-how-to-build-sms-opt-in-campaigns)

## You may like to read -

  * [Troubleshooting Email statistics](/support/solutions/articles/48001208601-troubleshooting-email-statistics)
  * [Managing Multiple Campaigns in Affiliate Marketing](/support/solutions/articles/155000003638-managing-multiple-campaigns-in-affiliate-marketing)
  * [Workflow AI Assistant](/support/solutions/articles/155000003970-workflow-ai-assistant)
  * [Guide to click tracking in email campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/155000002664-guide-to-click-tracking-in-email-campaigns)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
