Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. Search Bar Element in Ecommerce Stores

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Search Bar Element in Ecommerce Stores

Modified on: Tue, 9 Jul, 2024 at 10:00 AM

As a user on the Ecommerce store, browsing through the list of products was a difficult task. Many products were left unexplored and also led to complex user experience on the website. To tackle this we are bringing a brand new element for our Ecommerce stores - Search bar! Store owners can now add the Search bar element in 2 ways: Navigation menu, and as a dedicated element in the website.

## **How to use?**

  1. Navigate to the page builder of your store, and add the Search bar Element. This would be under the Store section in the "Add elements."
  2. If you would like to enable the Search bar in your navigation menu, you can use the "Show Search bar" toggle present in the navigation menu settings.
  3. Configure properties for the Search bar. Some of the properties that can be configured are:
     * Search button color
     * Search input box text and background color
     * Search dropdown text and background color
     * Border color for input field and dropdown
     * Font size and weights.
  4. Click on save/Publish to view your changes in your site!

## **Note:  **

  * Only websites will stores can add this element into any page (Store, non-store).
  * Navigation menu customization for searchbar is limited. All customization options are available only in the standalone element.
  * The search suggestions (Dropdown) will have search results searching from the title/name of the product.
  * Upon clicking on search, the user is navigated to the product list page, showing search results, which would search based on title as well as description.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Related Product element for Ecommerce stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002844-related-product-element-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [How to Sell Your Subscription Based Services & Recurring Products in Your GHL Ecom Store](/support/solutions/articles/155000002833-how-to-sell-your-subscription-based-services-recurring-products-in-your-ghl-ecom-store)
  * [How to sell products on Facebook and Instagram Shops?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004055-how-to-sell-products-on-facebook-and-instagram-shops-)
  * [How to use Printful Integration with your Ecommerce Store?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002442-how-to-use-printful-integration-with-your-ecommerce-store-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
