Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
  4. [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/48000453974)
     * [Documents and Contracts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000203)
  6. How to Use Documents and Contracts in the Mobile App

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use Documents and Contracts in the Mobile App

Modified on: Mon, 1 Jul, 2024 at 1:18 PM

### **More Tutorials from the Community**

[https://youtu.be/K5fVJdhOWxA](https://youtu.be/K5fVJdhOWxA​)

<https://youtu.be/0hm5Dh3INuQ>

Create and send out documents and contracts on the mobile app using your predefined templates!

> **_NOTE:_**_  To start using documents and contracts on mobile, make sure that you save templates on the HighLevel web platform, as mobile does not offer the provision to create a document from scratch just yet._

How It Works

  1. Open the mobile app with your preferred subaccount selected.
  2. Head over to the left side navigation bar and tap on Documents and Contracts.
  3. You will see all of your draft and sent documents under the "All documents" section. Alternatively, you can switch to the "Templates" tab to view all of your saved document templates.
  4. Click on the floating "+" button on the bottom right of the screen to create a new contact.
  5. Add the contact(s) necessary for this document.
  6. Select the right document template to be sent out.
  7. Add items from the product catalog. This is an optional step and can be skipped if generating a quote or estimate is not required.
  8. Review your document details. Once you have reviewed everything, you can send the document via email or by generating a unique link.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [How to customise notifications sent in Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001298-how-to-customise-notifications-sent-in-documents-contracts)
  * [Automatic invoice creation after Document/Contract is signed](/support/solutions/articles/155000001299-automatic-invoice-creation-after-document-contract-is-signed)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001300-multiple-recipient-support-on-documents-contracts)

## You may like to read -

  * [Split Columns Support: Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000004041-split-columns-support-documents-contracts)
  * [Create document/contract templates and send them automatically inside a workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000001301-create-document-contract-templates-and-send-them-automatically-inside-a-workflow)
  * [Easy Management of Documents and Contracts within Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002526-easy-management-of-documents-and-contracts-within-contacts)
  * [How to Share Documents and Contracts Templates](/support/solutions/articles/155000002658-how-to-share-documents-and-contracts-templates)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
