Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. Selling products on order forms with available payment pr...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Selling products on order forms with available payment providers

Modified on: Fri, 19 Apr, 2024 at 7:24 PM

Both one-time and recurring products can be sold on 1-step and 2-step order forms for Funnels version 2. (Note: All new funnels and websites are created as version 2) This help article addresses several use cases of selling products on order forms and limitations to keep in mind while designing your checkout flow.

### **Available payment providers**

We have 4 payment providers available for selling products on order forms:

  * Stripe 
  * Authorize.net
  * NMI
  * PayPal 

Options to sell on order forms

  * Main/Primary products - This is the main product that you're selling on the order form. 
  * Bump products - These can be added as available options to check while the contact/leading is purchasing a primary product.
  * Upsell - Upsells are used when the lead has purchased a primary product and you immediately want to offer a service/product at the click of a button after the checkout.

Few points to keep in mind

  1. Apple Pay and Google Pay are only supported by Stripe. To display Apple Pay as a payment method, businesses would require to turn the toggle on the Stripe connection card under Payments -> Integrations
  2. Google Pay will be displayed by default (if applicable in the buyer's country) if the business is connected to Stripe
  3. Different recurring products cannot be sold in a single checkout with any payment provider. Businesses can make use of upsell purchases for selling two different recurring products within a single flow
  4. PayPal does not support purchasing bump products while the lead purchases a recurring product. 
  5. Businesses can configure the setup fees, trial period and number of payments while creating a recurring product under Payments -> Products and those settings will be auto-applied when the lead purchases that product
  6. Businesses can track all orders submitted under Payments -> Orders, subscriptions created under Payments -> Subscriptions and manage refunds under the Transactions table 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Automatically Calculate Sales Tax Based on Location](/support/solutions/articles/155000003066-how-to-automatically-calculate-sales-tax-based-on-location)
  * [How to Use Products in Payment Element in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002546-how-to-use-products-in-payment-element-in-forms)
  * [How to Use BNPL in Order Forms and Payment Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000003224-how-to-use-bnpl-in-order-forms-and-payment-links)
  * [Using SaaS Mode with NMI, Authorize.net, and Square](/support/solutions/articles/155000003670-using-saas-mode-with-nmi-authorize-net-and-square)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
