Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Ad Manager](/support/solutions/folders/155000000587)
  6. How to create Facebook form

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to create Facebook form

Modified on: Fri, 17 May, 2024 at 2:56 PM

In Ad Manager, while creating the Ad Campaign and selecting objective of Leads allows you to create or select the Facebook Form.   

How to create new Facebook Form?

  1. Click on the dropdown of click on New Facebook Form or select the existing form
  2. Add the **name of Facebook form**  
****
  3. Select the option -**More Volume and Higher Intent  **\- Difference is that Higher Intent adds a review step to view the information for people to confirm  

  4. Next step is **Greetings** to allow the people know why they should complete your form and any relevant details. There are option to add Headline (required field) and add the paragraph or list.  

  5. Following step has **Questions option  **

  * \- User can add the description
  * \- **There are option to select the type of information you need to collect from people [ This will help you understand if the contact is good or not]**
  * \- For custom question, there are option to create short description and multiple choice questions to share the information which is more  

  1. Allow **Form Field Mapping** \- this allows users to map the forms fields to contact fields in HighLevel. This allows in form submission to view each field answers and also it showcases in the contact is they are mapped in.  

  2. Next form step is **adding privacy policy** \- Add landing page link of your privacy policy of business or you could make a copy of the privacy policy of LeadConnector (<https://www.leadconnectorhq.com/privacy-policy>).  

  3. Next step is **message for the lead  **after completing the form, the form provides option to add headline, description, call to action like taking them to a website or call directly.  

  4. **Save the form** to go and get the ad objective for Lead Generation  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Overview of Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002433-overview-of-ad-manager)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Create New Ad Campaign in Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002435-create-new-ad-campaign-in-ad-manager)
  * [How to create Facebook form](/support/solutions/articles/155000002439-how-to-create-facebook-form)

## You may like to read -

  * [Facebook Conversion Leads Walkthrough](/support/solutions/articles/48001233833-facebook-conversion-leads-walkthrough)
  * [How to create Facebook Reel in Social Planner?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002061-how-to-create-facebook-reel-in-social-planner-)
  * [Troubleshooting Facebook Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001220950-troubleshooting-facebook-ad-reporting)
  * [How to set up Facebook Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001204042-how-to-set-up-facebook-ad-reporting)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
