Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to add customer login in Ecommerce stores to view ord...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to add customer login in Ecommerce stores to view order details and past orders?

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 9:58 AM

About:

Store owners can now allow their customers to view their current order details along with the ability to view past order details. Customers will receive an order confirmation email which will have button through which they can access the customer access center by login via OTP verification.

How to use:

  1. Enable Order confirmation email: 

User needs to allow the order confirmation email to allow their customers to get email through which they can view Customer Access Center. This can be enabled at: 

Payments > Settings > Notifications > Order confirmation Email for Stores

  2. Login to the Customer Access Center:

  1. Customers can access the Customer Access Center by clicking the "View Order" button in their order confirmation email.
  2. Customers must log in using the email address they used during checkout to view all of their current order details.

  3. Fulfilment Status Details: 

Fulfilment status by Store owner for the order will also get reflected to end customers whether partial or complete. Customers can view the fulfilment details which will include tracking number, tracking URL, and Carrier name.
  4. Past Order Details:

 Past orders can be accessed by clicking the "Orders" button in the navigation menu.
  5. Unique URL for Customer Access Center: 

The portal can also be accessed through 

<storeurl>/store/account/orders

 . Eg. [myawesomestore.com/products/store/account/orders](http://myawesomestore.com/products/store/account/orders)

Notes:

  * If multiple contacts are associated with the same email, the first created contact will be used for logging into the Customer Access Center.
  * With sticky contact enabled, all orders will be consolidated for that browser session.
  * Make sure your domain is connected for the Customer Access Center to function properly, and ensure the default path for the domain points to any page in the store.

Images:

  * Enable Order confirmation Email:

  * Access Order details page:

  * Order Details page:

  * On Login, user needs to enter Email to login

  * OTP for login:

  * Order details summary page:

  * Past orders screen:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Deliver Digital Products for E-commerce Stores?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004054-how-to-deliver-digital-products-for-e-commerce-stores-)
  * [How to use Printful Integration with your Ecommerce Store?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002442-how-to-use-printful-integration-with-your-ecommerce-store-)
  * [How to Use the New Printful Integration with HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002602-how-to-use-the-new-printful-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [How to Sell Your Subscription Based Services & Recurring Products in Your GHL Ecom Store](/support/solutions/articles/155000002833-how-to-sell-your-subscription-based-services-recurring-products-in-your-ghl-ecom-store)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
