Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Forms](/support/solutions/folders/48000665899)
  6. How To Create Automated Email Notifications for Form and ...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How To Create Automated Email Notifications for Form and Survey Submissions

Modified on: Thu, 15 Feb, 2024 at 2:11 PM

Once enabled, this feature sends an automated response to the person who fills out the form as well as an option to notify internal team members.

**Covered in this Article:**

  * How to Activate the Email Notifications

**Please Note** :

    These options and settings are also available for Surveys.

# **How to Activate the Email Notifications**

Choose the **Sub-account** > **Sites** > **Forms** > **Form Builder** and Add Form, or choose the Form from the list where you want to toggle the Auto-responder.

1\. In the upper left corner, you'll see the "Bell" icon for notifications. Click on that icon.

2\. The notifications icon gives you two options: the First is to send you an email if someone fills out the form, and the second is the **_Auto-Responder_** , which sends an automated message to the person who submits the form. Just toggle the button to activate. 

3\. Fill in the "Subject" for the automatic email that will be sent. The "reply to email" will be the email address that will receive responses if in case that person replies to this automatic email.  The third field, "Sender name," will default to the name of the location if left blank, or you can choose to customize it, so that name will show on the email that will be sent. Once done, hit Save  and then Save again, on the upper right, to save the updates on the form itself.

**Best Practice** :

    Once the new settings and the form has been saved, click on Preview on the upper right and fill out the form to test if the feature works.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Where Do Form Responses Show Up?](/support/solutions/articles/48000979916-where-do-form-responses-show-up-)
  * [Exporting Form answers to Google Sheets](/support/solutions/articles/48000979918-exporting-form-answers-to-google-sheets)
  * [Sticky Contact - Form](/support/solutions/articles/48000979919-sticky-contact-form)
  * [How to use URL Parameters in Forms](/support/solutions/articles/48001164119-how-to-use-url-parameters-in-forms)

## You may like to read -

  * [Email Notifications in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000001640-email-notifications-in-forms-and-surveys)
  * [Jotform to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003692-jotform-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Email Verification feature in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000002668-email-verification-feature-in-forms-and-surveys)
  * [Workflow Trigger - TikTok Form Submit](/support/solutions/articles/155000003262-workflow-trigger-tiktok-form-submit)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
