Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  6. Template Categorisation Guidelines

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Template Categorisation Guidelines

Modified on: Wed, 10 Jan, 2024 at 8:24 AM

    Our template category guidelines are how we define the category of message templates on our platform. Use these guidelines when choosing a category for each of your templates.

For each category, we outline the message objective, business goal and example templates.

    **[How to create a WhatsApp Template?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000861-how-to-create-a-whatsapp-template-)**

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Marketing templates
  * Utility templates
  * [To be Released] Authentication templates
  * FAQs
    * How can we assign a category to a template?

* * *

## **_Marketing templates_**

Marketing templates are our most flexible. They can enable businesses to achieve a wide range of goals, from generating awareness to driving sales and more.

Message Objective| Business Goal| Example Templates  
---|---|---  
Awareness| Generate awareness of your business, products, or services among customers who have subscribed to receive messages from your business on WhatsApp.| 

  * "Did you know? We installed a new tower in your area so you can enjoy a better network experience. To learn more, visit our site {{1}}."
  * "Diwali is around the corner! Join us at {{1}} on October 24 to celebrate with friends and family. For more details about our event, click {{2}}."
  * "Looking for a getaway this fall? Our newest resort just opened in {{1}}: the perfect place to relax and unwind. Learn more here: {{2}}"

Sales| Send general promotional offers to customers related to sales events, coupons or other content intended to drive sales.| 

  * "As a thank you for your last order, please enjoy 15% off your next order. Use code LOYAL15 at checkout. Visit our site here {{1}}."
  * "Refer → save! Use code FRIEND so you both earn $10 off your next order."
  * "Upgrade to our Premium cabin to enjoy more benefits, like additional legroom and priority boarding. Click {{1}} or log into our app to upgrade."
  * "You have been pre-approved for our credit card! Enjoy an introductory offer of {{1}} if you apply via your personalized link: {{2}}."
  * "Don’t forget! Today only, get double points on your purchases. Visit your nearest store and use your phone number at check-out."

Retargeting| Promote relevant offers or other call-to-actions to customers who may have visited your website, used your app, or engaged with your products and services.| 

  * "Don't miss out on your favorite shows! Re-subscribe now: {{1}}"
  * "You left items in your cart! Don’t worry, we saved them for you. Click here to checkout now: {{1}}."
  * "Thank you for visiting our site. You can secure your health insurance in a few easy clicks – continue here: {{1}}."
  * "You didn’t finish your application! Please log into your profile here to pick up where you left off: {{1}}."
  * "We miss you! Join us for an afternoon or evening of fun with your family. Click here to book with a special rate: {{1}}."

App Promotion| Request customers to install or take a specific action with your app.| 

  * "Did you know? You can now checkout in our app. Download it here {{1}} to check out our streamlined experience."
  * "Thank you for using our app. We noticed you have not used our latest feature, {{1}}. Click here {{2}} to learn more about how this benefits you!"
  * "In-app only: 20% off this week! Use code SUMMER20 to save on select styles. To download our app, click here: {{1}}."
  * "Hi {{1}}, your friend {{2}} recently joined our community. Send them a welcome message today: {{1}}"

Build Customer Relationships| Strengthen customer relationships through personalized messages or by prompting new conversations.| 

  * "{{1}}, did you think we’d forget? No way! Happy birthday! We wish you the best in the year ahead."
  * "As we approach the end of the year, we reflect on what drives us: You. Thank you for being a valued customer. We look forward to continuing to serve you"
  * "Hello, I am the new virtual assistant. I can help you discover products or provide support. Please reach out if I can help!"

Also considered marketing templates are:

  * Templates with mixed content (e.g. Both utility and marketing, such as order update with a promo or offer).
  * Templates where contents are unclear (e.g., contents are only “{{1}}” or “Congratulations!”).

> **_Note: Examples are illustrative only, templates containing similar content or content including this example text may be categorized differently based on their exact content._**

* * *

## **_Utility templates_**

Utility templates are typically triggered by a user action or request. They must include specificity about the active or ongoing transaction, account, subscription or interaction to which they relate. For example, an order confirmation must contain an order number.

Message Objective| Business Goal| Example Templates  
---|---|---  
Opt-In Management on WhatsApp| Confirm opt-in for receiving messages on WhatsApp as a follow-up to opt-in collected via other channels (e.g., website, email). Also confirm opt-out.| 

  * "Thanks for confirming opt-in! You’re in. You’ll now receive notifications via WhatsApp."
  * "Thank you for confirming your opt-out preference. You will no longer receive messages from us on WhatsApp."

Order Management| Confirm, update, or cancel an order or transaction with a customer using specific order or transaction details in the body of your message.| 

  * "Thank you! Your order {{1}} is confirmed. We will let you know once your package is on its way."
  * "Hooray! Your package from order {{1}} is on its way. Your tracking number is {{2}} and expected delivery date is {{3}}."
  * "Unfortunately, one item from your order {{1}} is backordered. We will follow up with an estimated ship date. If you wish to cancel and receive a refund, please click here: {{2}}"
  * "We have received your item from order {{1}}. Your refund for {{2}} has been processed. Thank you for your business."

Account Alerts or Updates| Send important account updates, including time-sensitive alerts, safety information, payment reminders, and other information relevant to already-purchased or subscribed products and services.These messages should not intend to upsell or cross-sell new products or services.| 

  * "Daily update for account ending in {{1}}: Your balance is {{2}}."
  * "Reminder: Your monthly payment for your subscription to {{1}} will be billed on {{2}} to the card you have saved on file."
  * "To finish setting up your profile, you need to upload a photo. Please click here to upload: {{1}}."
  * "The product you ordered {{1}} on {{2}} has been recalled. Please click here {{3}} to learn more."
  * "There is a tornado alert in your area. We recommend you remain indoors until {{1}} o'clock today."

Feedback Surveys| Collect feedback on previous orders, interactions or ongoing relationships with customers.These messages should not be about requesting feedback related to potential upsell or cross-sell opportunities.| 

  * "We have delivered your order {{1}}! Please let us know if there was any issue by reaching out here: {{2}}."
  * "Your feedback ensures we continually improve. Please click here {{1}} to share your thoughts on your recent visit at our {{2}} location. Thank you in advance!"
  * "You chatted with us online recently about order {{1}}. How was your experience? Click to fill out a short survey: {{2}}."

Continue a Conversation on WhatsApp| Send a message to start an interaction on WhatsApp that began in another channel.These messages should not be initiated without a user having requested the conversation to be moved to WhatsApp.| 

  * "Hi! I see you requested support via our online chat. I am the virtual assistant on WhatsApp. How can I help?"
  * "Hi {{1}}, we are following up on your call with customer service on {{2}}. Your case has progressed to the next step. Please log into your account to continue: {{3}}."

> **_Note: Examples are illustrative only, templates containing similar content or content including this example text may be categorized differently based on their exact content._**

* * *

## **_[To be Released] Authentication templates_**

Authentication templates enable businesses to authenticate users with one-time passcodes (usually 4-8 digit alphanumeric codes), potentially at multiple steps in the login process (e.g., account verification, account recovery, integrity challenges).

Authentication templates are our most restricted. For a template to be classified as authentication, a business must:

  1. Use WhatsApp’s preset authentication message templates, which include optional add-ons like security disclaimers and expiry warnings
  2. Configure a one-time password button (copy-code or one-tap)
  3. Follow content restrictions: URLs, media, and emojis are not allowed for authentication template content or parameters. Additional length restrictions of 15 characters also apply to parameters.

Definition| Examples  
---|---  
Authentication code| 

  * "{{1}} is your verification code."
  * "{{1}} is your verification code. For your security, do not share this code."
  * "{{1}} is your verification code. This code expires in 15 minutes."

* * *

## **_FAQs_**

### **How can we assign a category to a template?**

When you create a message template, you select the category you believe applies, based on the template category guidelines outlined above. We then determine the template’s category, based on the template contents and these same guidelines. If we agree with the category you designated, we set the template status to PENDING (it then goes through template review to ensure it is in compliance with our policies. If we disagree, we set it to REJECTED.

For creating a template please refer to the documentation below:

    **[How to create a WhatsApp Template?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000861-how-to-create-a-whatsapp-template-)**

__[__](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/whatsapp/updates-to-pricing/new-template-guidelines/#)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to create a WhatsApp Template?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000861-how-to-create-a-whatsapp-template-)
  * [WhatsApp Media Templates](/support/solutions/articles/155000002330-whatsapp-media-templates)
  * [Workflow Action - Instagram DM](/support/solutions/articles/155000003293-workflow-action-instagram-dm)
  * [How to change default Brand Boards?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003138-how-to-change-default-brand-boards-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
