Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
  4. [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [E-commerce store](/support/solutions/155000000059)
     * [E-Commerce Store](/support/solutions/folders/155000000182)
  6. How to Suggest Related Product(s) in Your Product Details...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Suggest Related Product(s) in Your Product Details Page

Modified on: Wed, 17 Jul, 2024 at 4:21 PM

Store owners can now suggest related product in their product details page. Many store owners wanted to showcase recommended or related products to their users once they landed on a particular product. By recommending relatable products to their users, they can improve the overall discovery of other products in their stores.

## **How to use  **

  1. Navigate to your store Product detail in the page builder, and enable the 

Show related products toggle. The following attributes can be customized:

    1. Number of products to be shown (Default: 6)

    2. Number of columns per product in both desktop and mobile (Default: Desktop: 3, Mobile: 2)

    3. Heading for the related products section (Default: "You may also like")

  2. Save and publish the page

### **Note:**

  1. Products that are present in a common collection will be shown under related products in the product detail page of that specific product. For example:

  * A product named "iPhone 15" if is added to collection "Apple" and "Summer Sale"
  * All the products added in the collection "Apple" and "Summer Sale" would be displayed
  * At first all the products from "Apple" collection would be present and then products from "Summer Sale" would be displayed provided that they are within the available limits of related products set by the user which is at maximum capped to 10

  2. The images in both the product list page now, are restricted to a 1:1 aspect ratio and the images are covered to that size to maintain better UI and consistency across all products and images.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Manual Payment Method in E-commerce Stores & Order Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000002897-manual-payment-method-in-e-commerce-stores-order-forms)
  * [Shipping and Delivery rates for Ecommerce Stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002842-shipping-and-delivery-rates-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Related Product element for Ecommerce stores](/support/solutions/articles/155000002844-related-product-element-for-ecommerce-stores)
  * [How to use the Email Builder and its In-line Editor](/support/solutions/articles/155000000087-how-to-use-the-email-builder-and-its-in-line-editor)
  * [Different Websites/ Funnels versions within the system](/support/solutions/articles/48001204164-different-websites-funnels-versions-within-the-system)
  * [Trigger - Order Submitted](/support/solutions/articles/155000003535-trigger-order-submitted)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
