Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
  4. [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Dashboard](/support/solutions/48000449586)
     * [Dashboards](/support/solutions/folders/48000679140)
  6. How to Create Templates Using Dashboards

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Create Templates Using Dashboards

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 4:52 AM

Templates allow you to save time by reusing dashboards across different sub-accounts. Follow the steps below to create a template from an existing dashboard.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Step-by-Step Guide to Creating a Template
      * Step 1: Switch to Agency View:
      * Step 2: Navigate to Template Library:
      * Step 3: Create a New Template:
      * Step 4: Select Source Sub-Account:
      * Step 5: Choose Product Type:
      * Step 6: Select the Dashboard:
      * Step 7: Add Details:
      * Step 8: Publish the Template:
    * How to Create a New Dashboard Using Templates
      * Step 1: Navigate to the Dashboard Page:
      * Step 2: Click on Add Dashboard:
      * Step 3: Select From Template Library:
      * Step 4: Choose the Template:
      * Step 5: Save the Dashboard:

* * *

## **Step-by-Step Guide to Creating a Template  
**

### **Step 1: Switch to Agency View:**

  * First, make sure you are in the Agency view.  

### **Step 2: Navigate to Template Library:**

  * In the agency view, go to the Template Library section.

### **Step 3: Create a New Template:**

  * Click on Create a Template to start the process.

### **Step 4: Select Source Sub-Account:**

  * Choose the Sub Account where the source dashboard is located.

### **Step 5: Choose Product Type:**

  * In the product dropdown, select Dashboards.

### **Step 6: Select the Dashboard:**

  * Click the dashboard you want to turn into a template and click Continue.

### **Step 7: Add Details:**

  * Select the appropriate category, and add tags, a description, and a thumbnail image for your template.

### **Step 8: Publish the Template:**

  * After reviewing your changes, click on Publish Template. The new template will now appear in your Template List.

> **Quick Upload Option:  **You can quickly upload a dashboard as a template by clicking on the three dots next to the dashboard, and selecting Upload as Template.

* * *

## **How to Create a New Dashboard Using Templates**

### **Step 1: Navigate to the Dashboard Page:**

  * Go to the dashboard page.

### **Step 2: Click on Add Dashboard:**

  * Click the blue dashboard icon and choose Add Dashboard.

### **Step 3: Select From Template Library:**

  * In the options, select From Template Library.

### **Step 4: Choose the Template:**

  * Browse the template library, select the template you want, and click Continue.

### **Step 5: Save the Dashboard:**

  * After making any necessary adjustments, click Save to finalize your new dashboard.

* * *

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Dashboard: Opportunities, Pipeline Value, Conversion Rate, Funnel, Stages Distribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001152117-dashboard-opportunities-pipeline-value-conversion-rate-funnel-stages-distribution)
  * [Dashboard Funnel chart opportunities explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181826-dashboard-funnel-chart-opportunities-explained)
  * [Lead source report explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181830-lead-source-report-explained)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to create multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001531-how-to-create-multiple-dashboards)
  * [How to pin dashboards as favourite](/support/solutions/articles/155000001535-how-to-pin-dashboards-as-favourite)
  * [Ad Manager: Create Ad campaigns using templates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003502-ad-manager-create-ad-campaigns-using-templates)
  * [How to load Snapshots with Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000002280-how-to-load-snapshots-with-dashboards)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
