Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Settings & Preferences](/support/solutions/folders/155000000688)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Settings & Preferences](/support/solutions/folders/155000000688)
  6. Custom URL for Unassigned Calendars

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Custom URL for Unassigned Calendars

Modified on: Mon, 7 Oct, 2024 at 10:48 AM

##   

Navigate to **Settings > Calendars**  

Then click on **Create Calendar > **In the **Calendar Type** , select **Unassigned Booking**

****  

In**Team & Event Setup**, you will see the text box in front of the **Calendar URL**

Click on the textbox and type in the custom calendar URL you would want for the calendar link  

Once you have typed in the custom URL, the system will run an availability check on the custom calendar url.URL

You can then see either a “check” indicating that it’s available for you and can save.  
 In a few cases, you might see a “cross” which means that the custom calendar url is not available in that case you can tweak/modify your custom calendar URL to ensure it’s unique and you get it.URL

Then proceed to save the calendar and the Calendar URL would be saved as you configured it.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Setting Up Linked Calendars & Conflict Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002374-setting-up-linked-calendars-conflict-calendars)
  * [Email & In-App Appointment Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000003441-email-in-app-appointment-notifications)
  * [Calendar Scheduling Conflicts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003548-calendar-scheduling-conflicts)
  * [Assigning a Primary Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000002263-assigning-a-primary-calendar)

## You may like to read -

  * [Adding Unassigned Calendars to Groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000003550-adding-unassigned-calendars-to-groups)
  * [Calendar Widget Styles](/support/solutions/articles/155000003552-calendar-widget-styles)
  * [Automotive Detailing - Service Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000001619-automotive-detailing-service-calendar)
  * [Assigning a Primary Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000002263-assigning-a-primary-calendar)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
