Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/155000000931)
  6. Customize your AI responses using Prompts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Customize your AI responses using Prompts

Modified on: Fri, 14 Jun, 2024 at 10:35 PM

### **More Tutorials from the Community**

<https://youtu.be/SClVEkIwwkM>

<https://youtu.be/KVk343ngf-Y>

<https://youtu.be/WZOV8t5mzqU>

You can now edit and manage the prompt of the Conversation AI Bot for the specific intents for more control over the bot's response and customizing the bot's personality for you and your clients

**In This Article**

  * Intent-Based Prompting
  * Components of Edit Prompt
  * Templates and Reset to Default
  * AI Prompting

* * *

## **Intent-Based Prompting**

Head over to the "Configure Intent" tab in Conversation AI settings in your sub-account settings and Click on "Edit Prompt" for the intent you want to edit the prompt.

## **Components of Edit Prompt**

  1. **Who is the bot? [Editable]** \- Utilize this space to tell the bot who it is, how it can meet its goals, and things to remember while talking to the contact.
  2. **Goal [Non-Editable]**
  3. **Anything else the Bot should know? [Editable]** \- Important Business info, why the conversation is happening, who the contact is, rules to follow, etc. Add anything you need the bot to know which will help it respond to your contacts

NOTE: Custom Values and Fields are supported in the prompt and can be selected from the "+ Add Custom Values" button

## **Templates and Reset to Default**

We provide a few templates to choose from and check them out for inspiration on ways to write your prompts and best practices. 

Utilize the "Reset to Default" button to reset the prompt to the default one.

## **AI Prompting**

AI Prompting is probably the most important aspect of Conversation AI Bots. To better understand prompting, [checkout this article - Prompting 101](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002254-ai-prompting-101)

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Conversation AI Bot - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000001335-conversation-ai-bot-explained)
  * [Pricing and Rebilling Conversation AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000001357-pricing-and-rebilling-conversation-ai)
  * [Workflow X Conversation AI - Conversation AI Action *Beta](/support/solutions/articles/155000001358-workflow-x-conversation-ai-conversation-ai-action-beta)
  * [Enable Conversation AI for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000001361-enable-conversation-ai-for-your-agency)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Configure the Workflow AI Action?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000209-how-to-configure-the-workflow-ai-action-)
  * [AI Employee Voice Call Capabilities](/support/solutions/articles/155000003911-ai-employee-voice-call-capabilities)
  * [AI Tools in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002166-ai-tools-in-highlevel)
  * [Training your Conversation AI Bot](/support/solutions/articles/155000001341-training-your-conversation-ai-bot)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
