Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Opportunities and Pipelines](/support/solutions/48000449589)
  4. [Getting Started with Opportunities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000510)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Opportunities and Pipelines](/support/solutions/48000449589)
     * [Getting Started with Opportunities](/support/solutions/folders/155000000510)
  6. Step-by-Step Guide: Creating Opportunities

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Step-by-Step Guide: Creating Opportunities

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 12:17 PM

Opportunities are pivotal in managing potential sales within GoHighLevel. This step-by-step guide will walk you through the process of creating opportunities, enabling you to efficiently track contacts through the sales pipeline.

**In this Article**

      * Step 1: Accessing the Opportunities Section
      * Step 2: Creating a New Opportunity
      * Step 3: Adding Details and Notes

### **Step 1: Accessing the Opportunities Section**

  * Log in to your GoHighLevel account.
  * Go to your sub Account
  * Navigate to the "Opportunities" section from the sidebar menu.  

### **Step 2: Creating a New Opportunity**

  * Once you're in the Opportunities section, click on the "+ Opportunity" button on the top right.
  * Fill in the relevant details for the opportunity, such as the contact name / information, pipeline details and opportunity value.
  * Optionally, you can add other values to this opportunity or make the opportunity owner a specific user or team member responsible for managing it.
  * You can also add multiple contacts under Additional contacts fields to the opportunity (Note that you will only be able to access the information of the primary contact across different sections of the platform)
  * Click on "Create" and the opportunity will be created and will start showing in the Opportunities dashboard.  

### **Step 3: Adding Details and Notes**

  * ### 

You can click on any opportunity to open its edit page.

  * In the opportunity details page, you'll find fields to add additional information about the opportunity.
  * Include any relevant notes or details about the contact's needs, preferences, or interactions.
  * These notes and tasks will also start reflecting in the contact's information.  

****

#   

**_Other Useful Links_**

[Understanding Opportunities](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000001983?portalId=48000045315)

[Creating a Pipeline](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000001985?portalId=48000045315)

[Editing an Opportunity](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/155000002001?portalId=48000045315)

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Step-by-Step Guide: Creating Pipelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001985-step-by-step-guide-creating-pipelines)
  * [Step-by-Step Guide: Creating Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000001999-step-by-step-guide-creating-opportunities)
  * [How to use Custom Fields for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000521-how-to-use-custom-fields-for-opportunities)
  * [Editing Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002001-editing-opportunities)

## You may like to read -

  * [Step-by-Step Guide: Creating Pipelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001985-step-by-step-guide-creating-pipelines)
  * [Deleting and Restoring Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002041-deleting-and-restoring-opportunities)
  * [Step-by-Step Guide: Restoring Deleted Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48001211386-step-by-step-guide-restoring-deleted-contacts)
  * [Editing Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002001-editing-opportunities)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
