Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Certificates](/support/solutions/155000000065)
  4. [Issue Certificates](/support/solutions/folders/155000000196)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Certificates](/support/solutions/155000000065)
     * [Issue Certificates](/support/solutions/folders/155000000196)
  6. Issue certificates on Course Completion

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Issue certificates on Course Completion

Modified on: Thu, 16 Nov, 2023 at 2:52 PM

### **More Tutorials From the Community**

**<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JRXGdpIVig>**

**<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecSfN6UxtTs>**

**[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbeS0RoylRg&t=2s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbeS0RoylRg&t=2s)**

**<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZZJLr5Kq0U>**

**Introducing our brand-new feature: Certificates integrated with courses! This enhancement allows location users to send customized certificates for course completion. Learners will receive email notifications with links to access and download their certificates. It's a fantastic way to acknowledge and celebrate your learners' accomplishments.**

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Issue a Certificate
  * FAQs

* * *

## Issue a Certificate

To issue a certificate on course completion, follow the below steps:

  * Choose a product (Course) for which you want to issue a certificate (Memberships > Courses > Products)
  * Go to Certificates Tab
  * Click on __Attach__  
  * Select a template to attach
  * Category will be selected as Course Completion (by default)
  * Click on Save
  * Once saved, all new learners of the course will receive the certificate automatically, via email, each time they complete the specific course
  * All issued certificate details will be available under the Certificates tab (Memberships > Certificates)

> **__Note__** _  \- Only one certificate can be attached for course completion at one point of time. To add a new template, edit and choose new template, or delete the attached template and add a new one_

## FAQs

  * **What happens if I mark a certificate as inactive for a specific course?  
** The certificates would not be sent out automatically, after course completion to learners, unless marked as Active again

  * **How to stop sending certificates on course completion to a specific learner?  
** Go to the Sites  > Memberships >  Certificates > Issued Certificates > Click on three dots and then click __Revoke Access__ for the specific learner. Once the access is revoked, the learner cannot access the previously sent certificates.

  * **Can learners share their certificates publicly?**  
Yes, all learners can copy their certificates link and share

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Issue certificates on Course Completion](/support/solutions/articles/155000001236-issue-certificates-on-course-completion)
  * [Download all your Certificates from Client Portal](/support/solutions/articles/155000002175-download-all-your-certificates-from-client-portal)
  * [Set Expiry for Certificates](/support/solutions/articles/155000002796-set-expiry-for-certificates)
  * [Contact Custom Fields In Certificate Builder](/support/solutions/articles/155000003591-contact-custom-fields-in-certificate-builder)

## You may like to read -

  * [Create a Template](/support/solutions/articles/155000001235-create-a-template)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Category Completed](/support/solutions/articles/155000002671-workflow-trigger-category-completed)
  * [Issue Certificates: Triggers and Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002376-issue-certificates-triggers-and-actions)
  * [Manually Issue Certificates](/support/solutions/articles/155000002148-manually-issue-certificates)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
