Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Creating Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/48000666396)
  6. Multiple Meeting Location Selector in Calendar

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Multiple Meeting Location Selector in Calendar

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 3:00 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Overview
  * How to Set Multiple Meeting Locations
    * Limitations
    * Configuration Steps
    * Available Meeting Locations
  * Booking Widget - How do bookers choose the location?

### **Overview**

The Multiple Meeting Location Selector feature allows you to add multiple meeting locations to your calendar settings. These locations are then displayed on the booking widget, giving bookers the flexibility to choose their preferred meeting location. This feature is particularly useful when you want to provide your bookers with the choice of meeting locations.

* * *

### **How to Set Multiple Meeting Locations**

#### **Limitations**

Before we begin, please note the following limitations:

  1. Multiple meeting locations can only be configured for Event Calendar and Round Robin calendar with one team member. 
  2. This feature is supported only for default forms and will not work with custom forms.
  3. This feature is supported only for Neo widget.

#### **Configuration Steps**

  * Navigate to your calendar settings and select the calendar you wish to configure.
  * For Event Calendar: Scroll down to the meeting location section.

  * For Round Robin Calendar: Scroll down to the team members section.

  * Click on the "+Add Location" button.
  * Choose and configure your desired locations. 
  * If you select 'Custom,' you can add a display label. For example, if your meeting location is your office address but you don't want to show it before booking, enter the address in the location input box and use a label like "New York Office." The booking widget will display "New York Office" until the booking is made, after which the actual address will be shown and sent to the booker.

  * Once you have added your meeting locations, click on "Save."

* * *

#### **Available Meeting Locations**

**Event Calendar:**

  * **Phone:  **The default value populated will be the subaccount's phone number, but you can edit it to any phone number of your choice.
  * **Address:** The default value populated will be the subaccount's business address, but you can edit it to any address if needed.
  * **Custom:** Use this to enter any custom value, such as your store address, a message for clients, or a static Zoom link. Note that Event Calendar does not support dynamic Zoom / Google Meet link generation.
  * **Ask the booker:  **Request the booker to input their preferred meeting location, which will be used for all future references. If more than one location has been added, the label 'Elsewhere' will appear on the booking widget to denote the ask the booker functionality.

**Round Robin:**

  * **Phone:  **Similar to Event Calendar, you can edit the default phone number.
  * **Address:** Similar to Event Calendar, you can edit the default address.
  * **Custom:** Similar to Event Calendar, you can enter any value here.
  * **Zoom:** Unique Zoom links will be generated if Zoom is successfully integrated. Ensure Zoom is integrated in 'My Profile' > Calendar Settings > Video Conferencing.
  * **Google Meet:  **Unique Google Meet links will be generated if Google is successfully integrated and Google Calendar is selected as the linked calendar in the 'My Profile > Calendar Settings' section.
  * **Ask the booker:  **Request the booker to input their preferred meeting location, which will be used for all future references. If more than one location has been added, the label 'Elsewhere' will appear on the booking widget to denote the ask the booker functionality. 

* * *

### **Booking Widget - How do bookers choose the location?**

All the configured options in the calendar settings will be displayed on the booking widget. The booker can select their preferred location, which will then be used as the meeting location for the appointment. This selected location will be shown on the confirmation page, included in the confirmation email, used in workflows, displayed in the in-app appointment modal, and anywhere else where the meeting location is displayed.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [Pre and Post buffers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001019-pre-and-post-buffers)
  * [Consent checkbox for compliance](/support/solutions/articles/155000001032-consent-checkbox-for-compliance)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)

## You may like to read -

  * [Zoom - How to Integrate Zoom with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002372-zoom-how-to-integrate-zoom-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Microsoft Teams Integration For Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000003443-microsoft-teams-integration-for-calendars)
  * [Zoom Integration for Users' Calendar Bookings](/support/solutions/articles/48001179593-zoom-integration-for-users-calendar-bookings)
  * [How to Switch Contacts and Use Custom Values in the Mobile App Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000003074-how-to-switch-contacts-and-use-custom-values-in-the-mobile-app-calendar)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
