Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Contacts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000198)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/folders/155000000198)
  6. Contact Type

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Contact Type

Modified on: Sat, 21 Oct, 2023 at 7:29 AM

Contact Types are like categories, labels, or groups you allocate to your contacts for easier and more useful segregation. They can be customized to suit your business needs.

**In This Article**

  * Assigning Contact Type
  * Adding, renaming, or deleting Contact Types
  * Filtering based on Contact Type

* * *

## Assigning Contact Type

Contact can have only one Type at a time

  * When creating a new contact, Contact type is a mandatory field with a dropdown to choose from the existing types.
  * For an existing contact, the Contact Type can be updated on the contact details page
  * Contact type can be assigned from the "Update Contact" action in Workflows.

## Adding, renaming, or deleting Contact Types

Navigate to Settings > Custom Fields and search for "Contact Type" and click "Edit"

## Filtering based on Contact Type

Use the "Type" filter in Smartlist filter to effectively create and save different filter views for different contact types.

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Contact Type](/support/solutions/articles/155000001302-contact-type)
  * [Followers](/support/solutions/articles/155000001362-followers)
  * [Internal Tasks for your Team](/support/solutions/articles/155000001703-internal-tasks-for-your-team)
  * [Workflow - Adding and Removing Followers for Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000002109-workflow-adding-and-removing-followers-for-contacts)

## You may like to read -

  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/155000002688-action-update-contact-field)
  * [How to add Business Name in Zapier](/support/solutions/articles/48001164926-how-to-add-business-name-in-zapier)
  * [Actions - Webhook](/support/solutions/articles/155000003299-actions-webhook)
  * [Actions - Custom webhook](/support/solutions/articles/155000003305-actions-custom-webhook)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
