Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Understanding Workflow Behaviour with SMS and Customer Re...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Understanding Workflow Behaviour with SMS and Customer Replies

Modified on: Wed, 22 May, 2024 at 8:37 AM

## Scenario:

A contact is in a workflow and an automated SMS is sent to them. The workflow includes a wait step that pauses until the "Customer Reply" is received. However, what happens if a user manually sends an SMS to the contact after the automated SMS?

## Explanation:

If a user manually sends an SMS to the contact while the contact is still in the workflow, this action can disrupt the workflow's ability to correctly attribute the customer's reply. Here's why:

  * **Attribution Challenge** : The workflow system does not have a way to associate the customer's reply with a specific SMS when multiple SMS messages are involved. Unlike email, which operates in threads allowing replies to be easily linked to specific messages, SMS messages do not have this threading capability.
  * **Breaking the Chain** : When a manual SMS is sent after the automated SMS, any reply from the contact may not be correctly attributed to the automated SMS. As a result, the workflow's wait step will not recognize the reply, causing the contact to be stuck at the wait step.
  * **Stuck at Wait Step** : Because the system cannot attribute the reply to the specific automated SMS, the contact will remain at the wait step, even if they have replied.

## Recommendations:

  * ## **Avoid Manual SMS** : Do not send manual SMS to contacts who are currently in a workflow with a "Wait for Customer Reply" step for SMS.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Trigger - Customer Replied](/support/solutions/articles/155000002677-workflow-trigger-customer-replied)
  * [Conversations: Quick Reply Prompts for Facebook/Instagram](/support/solutions/articles/155000004035-conversations-quick-reply-prompts-for-facebook-instagram)
  * [WhatsApp - WorkFlow Integration](/support/solutions/articles/155000001624-whatsapp-workflow-integration)
  * [A List of Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002294-a-list-of-workflow-actions)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
