Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Template Library](/support/solutions/folders/48000687583)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Template Library](/support/solutions/folders/48000687583)
  6. How to clone templates in template library?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to clone templates in template library?

Modified on: Thu, 11 Jan, 2024 at 3:57 PM

### More Tutorials From the Community

<https://youtu.be/gkUtOinHmQY>

<https://youtu.be/7ut-r0lnWPM>

To ensure that you have symmetry in your branding and reduce the time to build a new channel, it is effective to start from an existing template created by you and your team members.  
  
Who can do it?  
The rights are currently available to only Agency Admin  

Steps to Clone:   
_**Step  **_**_1_**. Navigate to the template library and hover over the template you wish to clone  

 _**Step  **_**_2._** Click on the three dots at the top right corner  

 _**Step 3**_** _._** Click on “Clone Template” and “Confirm”  
  
                                                                     OR  
  
** _Step  _**_**1**._ Navigate to the template library and hover over the template you wish to clone  

** _Step  _****_2._** Open the template  

** _Step  _**_**3**._ Click on the three dots at the top right corner  

** _Step 4._** Click on “Clone Template” and “Confirm”  

FAQs

### Who can clone templates?

Agency admins have the access to clone templates   

### Can we change the title of the cloned Email Template?

Yes, click on the edit section to change the title of the cloned template.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How does the Template Library work?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236650-how-does-the-template-library-work-)
  * [How to add your own template in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001304-how-to-add-your-own-template-in-template-library-)
  * [How to clone templates in template library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001458-how-to-clone-templates-in-template-library-)
  * [How to add descriptions to your templates?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001459-how-to-add-descriptions-to-your-templates-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to add your own template in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001304-how-to-add-your-own-template-in-template-library-)
  * [How does the Template Library work?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236650-how-does-the-template-library-work-)
  * [How to add your email templates in Template Library?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003186-how-to-add-your-email-templates-in-template-library-)
  * [Notification for Failed Post, Account Expired and Post Approval](/support/solutions/articles/155000002407-notification-for-failed-post-account-expired-and-post-approval)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
