Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  6. LC Phone Pricing Structure

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# LC Phone Pricing Structure

Modified on: Fri, 18 Oct, 2024 at 7:56 AM

The pricing for LC Phone System is the same amount as Twilio. All the prices shown for LC Phone features are listed in USD. 

Pricing varies between regions and products for this reason we will be providing **basic info and pricing for all the top-used product categories based on US/Canada pricing**.

* * *

**Covered in this article:**

**Pricing based on the most used Product Categories**

  * 1\. Phone Numbers

  * 2\. Messaging Service - SMS

  * 3\. Messaging Service - MMS

  * 4\. Voice Calls

  * 5\. Number Validation

  * 6\. Number Format Lookups

  * 7\. Other Charges

  * FAQ

* * *

# **Pricing based on the most used Product Categories**

    A list of country-specific prices are linked at the bottom of the page.

### **1\. Phone Numbers**

All the phone numbers are charged monthly based on the number types. Below is the list of pricing for different number types available in the **US/Canada** :

  1. _Local_ Numbers: **$1.15 / month**
  2.  _Toll-Free_ Numbers:  **$2.15 / month**  

For all the **other countries** , the pricing will also be based on Twilio's pricing.

###   

### **2\. Messaging Service - SMS**

The SMS pricing is based on the number of segments a message has, the pricing in **US/Canada** is as follows:

  * Outbound SMS: **$0.0079  **/ segment
  * Inbound SMS: **$0.0079** / segment

This pricing is both for the _local_ and _toll-free_ numbers. For all the **other countries** , the pricing will also be based on [_Twilio's pricing_](https://www.twilio.com/en-us/sms/pricing/us).

###   
**3\. Messaging Service - MMS**

The MMS pricing is based on the number of segments a message comprising of, the pricing for **US/Canada**  is as follows: 

  * Outbound SMS: $ 0.0200 / segment (From local and toll-free numbers)
  * Inbound SMS: $ 0.0100 / segment (To local numbers, $0.0200 to toll-free numbers)

For all the **other countries** , the pricing will also be based on [_Twilio's pricing_](https://www.twilio.com/en-us/sms/pricing/us).

  * ### [What is a segment](https://www.twilio.com/blog/what-the-heck-is-a-segment-html)?

  * ### [Calculating the Cost of Each Text Message: A Step-by-Step Guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001203458-why-is-my-sms-cost-so-high-#:~:text=Carrier%20fees-,Sending%20long%20international%20SMS,characters%20counts%20as%202%20segments.)

###   
**4\. Voice Calls**

The Voice calls pricing is based on the duration of the call in minutes, the pricing for the **US/Canada** is as follows:

  * Outbound Call: **$0.0180  **/ minute (From local and toll-free numbers, includes charges for client minutes)
  * Inbound Call: **$0.0085  **/ minute (To local numbers, $0.0220 to toll-free numbers)

The voice calls to **Alaska** and **Yukon Territory** will not be charged based on the above prices. For all the **other countries** , the pricing will also be based on Twilio's pricing.

> **Note:  **The outbound calls have 2 legs so the cost of an outbound call will be $0.0180 ($0.014 for Outbound call + $0.004 for the webApp/MobileApp leg which dialer uses to initiate the call (Client Minutes))  
>   
> 
> 
>   
> 

###   
**5\. Number validation - Carrier Lookup**

All the number validations **irrespective of the country** are charged at **$0.005** / validation.

###   
**6\. Number Format Lookups**

All the number formats look up to support calls are _free of cost_.

###   
**7\. Other Charges**

Below are some additional categories that are also charged at the same price as Twilio:

  * Client Minutes for Calling ($0.004 per minute, already included in the outgoing call charges shared above, SaaS rebilling applies)
  * Call Recording ($0.0025 per minute of recording, SaaS rebilling applies)
  * Call Recording storage ($0.0005 per minute of recording per month, SaaS rebilling applies)
  * Call Transcription ($0.024 per minute, SaaS rebilling applies)
  * Answering Machine Detection ($0.0075 per call where it is used, SaaS rebilling applies)
  * Voicemail drops
  * Conference Calls ($0.0018 per minute per participant, SaaS rebilling applies)
    * This is for the call flow, we have both outbound and inbound in a conference so those are for the global conference charges.
  * [Carrier Charges ](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360016571913-What-are-SMS-and-MMS-Carrier-Fees-)
    * SMS carrier fees are charges that are applied by the recipients carrier to the sender, These charges + SMS charge is the total cost to send an SMS. Some carriers charge fees on long code SMS (messages sent from a 10-digit US/Canada number). Other carriers only charge fees for SMS sent from a Short code number
    * There are additional carrier fees per message that are automatically applied based on the end-user's destination and carrier.
      * **Carrier**| **SMS  
** Outbound*|  **SMS  
** Inbound*|  **MMS****  
**Outbound*|  **MMS****  
**Inbound*  
---|---|---|---|---  
AT&T| $0.003| | $0.005|   
T-Mobile| $0.003| $0.003| $0.01| $0.01  
Verizon| $0.003| | $0.005|   
US Cellular| $0.005| | $0.01|   
All other carriers| $0.0035| | $0.01|   

* * *

# **FAQs**

#### **1.  ****Will SaaS re-billing work if I move sub-accounts on LC Phone System?**

Yes, SaaS rebilling will continue to work with LC Phone System.

#### **2.  ****Which all categories have a 10% discount applicable?**

  * Phone Numbers [Only US and Canada] [For all types of numbers]
  * SMS [Only from US/Canada to US/Canada] [For both Inbound and Outbound]
  * Voice Calls [Only from US/Canada to US/Canada] [For both Incoming and Outgoing Calls] [Excluding products mentioned in Other Charges]

#### **3.  ****I was billed $20 right away. However, I haven't called anyone yet and have only created one phone number. Is this expected?**

Yes, the wallet would have auto-recharged as soon as the balance is below the amount set in the wallet configurator.

### 

#### **4.  ****Will I be charged if I encounter an error when sending an SMS?**

If there's an internal error with LC Phone before the message is handed off to the phone provider, you won't be charged. However, charges apply to every message where a delivery attempt has been made, regardless of the final delivery status. This includes messages sent from toll-free numbers, A2P numbers, and those not deliverable due to country restrictions or other factors. We urge users to be fully informed and cautious before sending messages, as refunds will not be provided for undelivered SMS.

#### **5.  ****What can I do to avoid charges related to call recording storage?**

####     To avoid getting charged for call recordings done earlier, you can request to delete all call recordings.

####     To avoid getting charged for future call recordings, you can choose to disable call recordings.

* * *

### **Related Articles**

  * [What is LC Phone System?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001223546)
  * [How to Migrate an Agency and Sub-Account to LC Phone?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204027)
  * [Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001213216)
  * [Toll-Free Number Registration for LC Phone (US/Canada)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222300)
  * [LC Phone Messaging Policy](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001213941)

Attachments (3)

[ csv SMSPricing.csv  
56.4 KB ](/helpdesk/attachments/155008014845)

[ csv NumbersPricing.csv  
10.8 KB ](/helpdesk/attachments/155008015257)

[ csv VoicePricing.csv  
192 KB ](/helpdesk/attachments/155008015266)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How do I migrate my agency and sub-account over to LC Phone?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204027-how-do-i-migrate-my-agency-and-sub-account-over-to-lc-phone-)
  * [Why is your account suspended](/support/solutions/articles/48001207676-why-is-your-account-suspended)
  * [Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001213216-regulatory-bundle-and-address-creation-for-sub-accounts)
  * [What is LC - Phone System?](/support/solutions/articles/48001223546-what-is-lc-phone-system-)

## You may like to read -

  * [What is LC - Phone System?](/support/solutions/articles/48001223546-what-is-lc-phone-system-)
  * [How do I analyze my Agency's Spending on LC Communications?](/support/solutions/articles/48001225291-how-do-i-analyze-my-agency-s-spending-on-lc-communications-)
  * [How to Purchase a Phone Number in a Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48000981420-how-to-purchase-a-phone-number-in-a-sub-account)
  * [Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001213216-regulatory-bundle-and-address-creation-for-sub-accounts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
