Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. Text-To-Pay Links

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Text-To-Pay Links

Modified on: Tue, 26 Sep, 2023 at 8:23 AM

# To create Payment Links:

## Step 1 - Integrate Sub-Account With Stripe: 

Integrate the sub-account with Stripe by going to Settings Payments and click the "Connect Your Stripe Account" button and follow the steps to integrate Stripe.

## Step 2 - Create An Invoice From A Conversation:

Go to a conversation and click the payment icon below the text editor. In the modal that pops up, give the Invoice a name, price, and then set a Link Expiration/Due Date and hit Save. The payment link will then appear in the conversation editor. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [Industry Playbook - Travel & Hospitality](/support/solutions/articles/155000000968-industry-playbook-travel-hospitality)
  * [Industry Playbook - Insurance Company](/support/solutions/articles/155000000962-industry-playbook-insurance-company)
  * [Industry Playbook - Legal Practice](/support/solutions/articles/155000000963-industry-playbook-legal-practice)
  * [Industry Playbook - Marketing Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000000964-industry-playbook-marketing-agency)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
