Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Mobile App](/support/solutions/48000455168)
  4. [Get Started](/support/solutions/folders/48000685731)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Mobile App](/support/solutions/48000455168)
     * [Get Started](/support/solutions/folders/48000685731)
  6. How to Download the Highlevel-Beta Mobile APP

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Download the Highlevel-Beta Mobile APP

Modified on: Wed, 13 Sep, 2023 at 1:24 PM

IN THIS ARTICLE

## Get early access to new mobile features before anyone else, and help shape the future of HighLevels iOS & Android apps! Compared to the standard mobile app, you’ll receive bug fixes and updates much quicker !

## [](https://www.notion.so/help/notion-for-mobile-beta-version#notion-beta-for-ios)HighLevel beta for iOS

### **How to sign up**

##  Like many other apps, HighLevel iOS beta is distributed through TestFlight.

## [_Go here to install the TestFlight app_](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/testflight/id899247664)  on your device if you don’t have it already.Once the TestFlight app is downloaded to your device, [_click on this link_](https://testflight.apple.com/join/bHNZSiYj) to download the HighLevel iOS beta app. If you already have the standard HighLevel app installed, the beta version will replace it.

    Note: Apple only allows up to 10,000 people to sign up for a beta app through TestFlight. First come, first served!

### **How to submit feedback**

##   
Feedback is a gift! Help HighLevel,s engineering team make our mobile apps even better by sending bug reports and feedback:

  * ## In the HighLevel Beta app, press the power button and volume up button at the same time to take a screenshot. Tap the “Share” button at the top right, then scroll down to see the “Share Beta Feedback” button in the share sheet.

  * ## In the TestFlight app, tap on “HighLevel Beta,” then tap the “Send Beta Feedback” button.

### **How to leave the beta**

In the TestFlight app, tap on “HighLevel Beta,” then scroll to the bottom of the page. Tap the “Stop testing” button to be removed from the beta.

HighLevel beta for Android

### **How to sign up**

Go to [_HighLevel app listing in google play store_](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gohighlevel&hl=en_IN&gl=US)

Scroll to the bottom of the page until you see the section titled “Join the beta.”

Then tap the “Join” button — that’s it!

### **How to submit feedback**

Feedback is a gift! Help HighLevel's engineering team make our mobile apps even better by sending bug reports and feedback:

  * Open the Play Store
  * At the top right, tap your profile icon
  * Tap “Manage apps & device”
  * Tap “Ratings & reviews”
  * Scroll until you find HighLevel in the list, then tap “Write feedback”

### **How to leave the beta**

Go to [_HighLevels’s app listing in the Google Play Store here_](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gohighlevel&hl=en_IN&gl=US) _._  Scroll to the bottom of the page until you see the section titled “You’re a beta tester.” Tap the “Leave” button to be removed from the beta.

## Becoming a mobile beta tester

Participation is entirely voluntary. Before you sign up, please keep in mind that by accessing and using our beta apps, you are acknowledging and accepting any risks from using an app that has not yet been released to the general public. For example, beta apps can contain more bugs than our publicly available products. 

Your decision to participate in beta testing is also subject to any applicable Beta Services terms in your [agreements](https://notion.notion.site/Terms-and-Privacy-28ffdd083dc3473e9c2da6ec011b58ac) with us. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Download the Highlevel-Beta Mobile APP](/support/solutions/articles/48001216444-how-to-download-the-highlevel-beta-mobile-app)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel (Mobile App)](/support/solutions/articles/48001216564-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel-mobile-app-)
  * [Mobile Apps Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001702-mobile-apps-overview)
  * [How to Use Invoices in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003058-how-to-use-invoices-in-the-mobile-app)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Promote and Customize Your Mobile App: A Comprehensive Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000000089-how-to-promote-and-customize-your-mobile-app-a-comprehensive-guide)
  * [Mobile Apps Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001702-mobile-apps-overview)
  * [Client Portal Branded Mobile APP -Full Setup Guide For Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000002617-client-portal-branded-mobile-app-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [In app call for IVR](/support/solutions/articles/155000002456-in-app-call-for-ivr)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
