Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to clear Linkedin link preview cache?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to clear Linkedin link preview cache?

Modified on: Mon, 5 Oct, 2020 at 3:37 PM

Shared your website link on LinkedIn with incorrect link preview title, description or image? After updating your website with perfect preview content and image, if you try sharing your website link you will still see old preview content and image. That's because LinkedIn caches link preview content for 7 days.

**Solution:**

LinkedIn has launched the Post Inspector. You have to do the following to clear LinkedIn Preview cache:

Step 1: Visit <https://www.linkedin.com/post-inspector/>

Step 2: Enter your URL and click on Inspect, You will see the updated preview image

Step 3: Now try sharing your URL on LinkedIn

Hope this helps!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [SEO Metadata troubleshooting for GoHighLevel Pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001162060-seo-metadata-troubleshooting-for-gohighlevel-pages)
  * [How to post PDF's as photos in a LinkedIn carousel post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004058-how-to-post-pdf-s-as-photos-in-a-linkedin-carousel-post-)
  * [Workflow Trigger - LinkedIn Lead Form Submitted](/support/solutions/articles/155000003497-workflow-trigger-linkedin-lead-form-submitted)
  * [Failed Post Error in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001218255-failed-post-error-in-social-planner)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
