Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Online Listings](/support/solutions/folders/48000682876)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Online Listings](/support/solutions/folders/48000682876)
  6. Getting started with Yext Lisitings

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Getting started with Yext Lisitings

Modified on: Wed, 2 Oct, 2024 at 10:30 AM

**Overview:**

Yext Listings helps brands gain visibility online by ensuring the correct information is available everywhere customers search. Brands can easily update brand facts on 70+ third-party publisher sites using Yext Listings.

Managing your brand’s reputation, online and offline, so that you’re delivering the experience and message you want to send — everywhere. For brands, reputation means revenue. But in today’s digital world, these interactions occur across dozens of touchpoints and channels, making reputation management a more significant challenge and opportunity than ever.

**With Yext Listings, you can Turbo-Charge Your SEO.  ****Keep all your critical business information up-to-date and  ****improve brand engagement. With Yext Listings, you can:**

  * View live listings (all the places Yext is syncing the facts about your brand)
  * Approve or reject content edits about your business.
  * Monitor customer reviews

##   

## **Why Yext Listing?**

Online Listings by Yext is an incredibly powerful SEO tool that creates backlinks and consistently ensures your client's Vital business info (address, operation hours, phone numbers, etc.) across 70+ world's most reputable websites. 

You can use Yext as a valuable add-on service to complement your services, and you can resell them through Highlevel with a markup price of your choosing. ?

Currently, if you wish to purchase Yext Premium directly from Yext it will cost $999/year with an _annual commitment_ \- <https://www.yext.com/pl/powerlistings/plans.html>. 

We have gotten an absolute rock-bottom price for our agencies with minimal commitment. The agency cost is **$30/month** with a _30-day minimum commitment._  

If you want a quick way to drive more organic inbound messages, combine Yext's online listings with our [Google My Business chat widget](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001176043). This is something that's quick to set up and all businesses can benefit from.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc](/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc)
  * [How to Resell Yext Listings to Your Clients](/support/solutions/articles/155000001901-how-to-resell-yext-listings-to-your-clients)
  * [How to deploy Yext directly without charging the client?](/support/solutions/articles/48001210774-how-to-deploy-yext-directly-without-charging-the-client-)
  * [How to sell Yext as part of a SaaS Offer](/support/solutions/articles/48001209150-how-to-sell-yext-as-part-of-a-saas-offer)

## You may like to read -

  * [Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc](/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc)
  * [How to deploy Yext directly without charging the client?](/support/solutions/articles/48001210774-how-to-deploy-yext-directly-without-charging-the-client-)
  * [HighLevel Listings](/support/solutions/articles/48000984066-highlevel-listings)
  * [How to Resell Yext Listings to Your Clients](/support/solutions/articles/155000001901-how-to-resell-yext-listings-to-your-clients)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
