Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Import and or Cloning Funnels & Websites

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Import and or Cloning Funnels & Websites

Modified on: Tue, 16 Apr, 2024 at 6:28 AM

## There are _2 ways_ to move funnels and websites within the system

#### 

#### 

**1.  ****Importing** Funnels & or Websites Via Share link

**2.  ****Cloning** Funnels & or Websites

  * Cloning the**  whole funnel/ Website** to another location(s):
  * Cloning **a step or page** in the funnel to another location(s)

**Troubleshooting**

Q1: How do I convert a funnel into a website or vice versa?

Q2: What happens if my link doesn't work?

Q3: Can I resell these templates to my customers?

Q4: Who do I contact if I need some changes made?

Q5: Will you be offering snapshots, workflows in the near future?

* * *

# **Importing Funnels & ****or Websites  ****Via Share link**

####   

#### **Step 1:** Make sure you are logged into your agency before clicking the share link. 

#### **Step 2:** Open a new tab, and "**click** " or "**copy and paste** " the link it into your browser

#### **Step 3:** Select the locations you wish to add this template to. (Up to 3 locations)

**Please Note**  

    Importing may take a few mins to complete. Please give it a few secs before refreshing your page. 
    
    When importing funnels or websites please note that**  Forms, Surveys or any lead capture** will **NOT** be transferred and will need to be setup.

* * *

# **Cloning Funnels & ****or Websites**

## Cloning the **whole funnel/ Website** to another location(s):

**Step 1:** Click on the 3 dots in your funnel view and select "**clone** "

**Step 2:  **Give your funnel a name and select the location (_up to 3 locations_)

**Step 3:** Hit "**Clone Funnel** "

## Cloning **a step or page** in the funnel to another location(s)

# **Troubleshooting**

### **Q1: How do I convert a funnel into a website or vice versa?**

[Click here for more info](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001209319)

### **Q2: What happens if my link doesn't work?**

If the link doesn’t work upon purchase, please reach out to the Customer support team.

### **Q3: Can I resell these templates to my customers?**

It will be yours to use as you see fit. Once purchased its up to you how to use it.

### **Q4: Who do I contact if I need some changes made?**

Upon purchase you will receive and email with the creators contact information. Please contact the creator with any questions, concerns and or feedback that you may have

### **Q5: Will you be offering snapshots, workflows in the near future?**

Currently we are only doing funnels, We will implement websites, snapshots, workflows, and ad copy (FF Ads) in the future

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [How to get customer consent or track legal basis to process your lead's or customer's personal data](/support/solutions/articles/155000000582-how-to-get-customer-consent-or-track-legal-basis-to-process-your-lead-s-or-customer-s-personal-data)
  * [How to import a Funnel From ClickFunnels?](/support/solutions/articles/48000980322-how-to-import-a-funnel-from-clickfunnels-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
