Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/48000666397)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/48000666397)
  6. Loop Lockouts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Loop Lockouts

Modified on: Tue, 24 Aug, 2021 at 10:06 AM

Loops occur when two Triggers either feed into each other or one Trigger feeds back into itself, creating an infinite loop of actions. Loops are detrimental to app performance because they commandeer server resources, causing a slow down for all users, which is why the system now looks for potential loops and locks the Triggers that may cause them.

Workflows, Triggers and Campaigns will be Loop Locked when they hit 50 Starts/Executions for the same Contact in less than 30 minutes. 

Example: Trigger fires 50 times for the same Contact in less than 30 minutes, or a Contact gets added to a Workflow/Campaign 50 times in less than 30 minutes.

If you receive a Loop error, please contact Support so that we can review the Trigger with you, fix what would cause a loop, and unlock the Trigger. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Triggers - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000982202-triggers-overview)
  * [Duplicating Triggers](/support/solutions/articles/48000982205-duplicating-triggers)
  * [Trigger/workflow - Email/SMS Notifications to Client/Yourself (New Lead)](/support/solutions/articles/48000982203-trigger-workflow-email-sms-notifications-to-client-yourself-new-lead-)
  * [Send Contact Info To Google Sheets Via Webhooks & Zapier](/support/solutions/articles/48001062709-send-contact-info-to-google-sheets-via-webhooks-zapier)

## You may like to read -

  * [Phone Call Redirect Loop](/support/solutions/articles/48001076653-phone-call-redirect-loop)
  * [How to Enhance Your Content with Dynamic Visual Effects](/support/solutions/articles/155000003629-how-to-enhance-your-content-with-dynamic-visual-effects)
  * [Video Background](/support/solutions/articles/155000001310-video-background)
  * [How To Build Check-in (Loop) Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001143786-how-to-build-check-in-loop-campaigns)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
