Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  6. How do I change my Agency's address?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How do I change my Agency's address?

Modified on: Thu, 10 Oct, 2024 at 1:27 PM

Changing your agency's address is a simple process. However, it is important to note that you will need agency admin level access to be able to make those changes.

Here is the 4 step process to follow :  

**Step 1  **: Click the "Switch to Agency View" button. you will find it by clicking the dropdown on the top left corner on the sidebar.

**Step 2 :** Go to settings menu at the bottom of the sidebar.

**Step 3 :** Click the "Company" tab located on the sidebar.

**Step 4 :  **Look for "Company Address" field in the right side of the screen. There you can enter the Address, City, Zip Code, State etc. in the respective fields. Once done, be sure to click the "Update Address" button.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know](/support/solutions/articles/48000982604-an-inside-look-at-agency-company-settings-what-you-need-to-know)
  * [How to Configure Brand System-Generated Links (API Domain)](/support/solutions/articles/48001143244-how-to-configure-brand-system-generated-links-api-domain-)
  * [How To Upgrade To The HighLevel Pro Plan](/support/solutions/articles/48001180534-how-to-upgrade-to-the-highlevel-pro-plan)
  * [How to Delete a Sub-Account/Locations](/support/solutions/articles/48001184862-how-to-delete-a-sub-account-locations)

## You may like to read -

  * [How do I analyze my Agency's Spending on LC Communications?](/support/solutions/articles/48001225291-how-do-i-analyze-my-agency-s-spending-on-lc-communications-)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)
  * [How do I change my Client's Address?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204293-how-do-i-change-my-client-s-address-)
  * [How do I find my Agency's Relationship Number?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204536-how-do-i-find-my-agency-s-relationship-number-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
