Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  6. How to Set Up an RSS Feed for Blogs

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Set Up an RSS Feed for Blogs

Modified on: Mon, 20 May, 2024 at 2:41 PM

RSS stands for Really Simple Syndication. It's an easy way for you to keep up with news and information that's important to you, and helps you avoid the conventional methods of browsing or searching for information on websites. 

RSS Link for blogs can be used to send newsletters using Email Campaign or scheduling post automation using RSS function in Social Planner. 

Prerequisite - Domain needs to be associated 

How does it work?

  1. Go to Sites > Blogs
  2. In Blogs, there is option of "Settings" with gear icon beside the New Blog Option

  * 

  1. Go the RSS option

  1. Select the Blog option from the dropdown
  2. Enter the number of posts to be present in the RSS link

Note - maximum can be 100 posts

  1. Copy the URL and you can use it anywhere in Emails RSS Campaign or Social posting with RSS

Note - If you change the option in dropdown in RSS, it doesn't affect the other RSS url which you copied and used, it will keep working.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to schedule Posts using RSS URL?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001052-how-to-schedule-posts-using-rss-url-)
  * [RSS Blocks In Email Builder](/support/solutions/articles/48001201780-rss-blocks-in-email-builder)
  * [RSS Email Body showing HTML tags?](/support/solutions/articles/48001202219-rss-email-body-showing-html-tags-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
