Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. Google My Business Publishing Troubleshooting

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Google My Business Publishing Troubleshooting

Modified on: Mon, 1 Aug, 2022 at 7:17 AM

###   

# **While publishing to GMB, please make sure you do the following:**

##   
**1.** Choose the ideal aspect image ratio:

Image can help for social engagement towards your business audience. Google map allows you to add images in your list which represent the product to people and how it looks. They have certain recommended practices regarded as an image ratio.

  * The images should be of **JPG or PNG** format
  * The picture's size must be between 10 KB to 5MB
  * The minimum image's resolution should be **250x250**.

The photo should be related to the product. We would recommend avoiding posting irrelevant photos.

## **2.  **The GMB location must be verified for a post to be successfully published.

It is necessary for your post to be successfully published on GMB that the location is verified. After completing the listing of your location, you must have verified your business location in Google My Business and check the location's status by clicking on the Manage location or in Social Planner, in the section of Type with verified or unverified option.

## **3.  **Are you posting to a Google My Business listing that has more than 10 locations?** **

Sadly it is not possible, Google My business hasn't allowed its users to post more than 10 locations. If you added more than 10 locations then you'll receive a message from the GMB  **"This location belongs to a chain. The Local Post API is disabled for this location".**

This particular error occurs when Google My Business doesn't allow you to post through its API. 

According to the guidelines, any brand with equal to or more than 10 locations is not eligible for posting. To resolve this, please make sure that you have only selected less than 10 locations for each brand while integrating.

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Share your Review Post on social media using Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000001620-share-your-review-post-on-social-media-using-social-planner)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [Failed Post Error in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001218255-failed-post-error-in-social-planner)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
