Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [LC Email Dedicated Domain and IP](/support/solutions/folders/155000000789)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [LC Email Dedicated Domain and IP](/support/solutions/folders/155000000789)
  6. GoDaddy Dedicated Sending Domain Setu (LC Email)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# GoDaddy Dedicated Sending Domain Setu (LC Email)

Modified on: Tue, 10 Sep, 2024 at 11:05 AM

**Covered in this article**

  * Step-by-step LC Email Dedicated Domain Setup - GoDaddy
    * To add the 1st TXT record
    * To add the 2nd TXT record
    * To add the 1st MX records
    * To add the 2nd MX records
    * To add the CNAME record

* * *

# **Step-by-step LC Email Dedicated Domain Setup - GoDaddy**

1\. Once you are in the sub-account > Click on Settings > Email Services > Dedicated Domain > \+ Add Domain

Check out [How to Migrate My Agency Over to LC - Email](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222501)  

2\. If your Domain is companyname.com, you can set up the main Domain or sub-domain with. 

Check out [How to move a sending domain from Mailgun to LeadConnector?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001226115-how-to-set-up-a-dedicated-sending-domain-lc-email-#How-to-move-sending-domain-from-Mailgun-to-LeadConnector?)

Main Domain:

  * If you are adding the main Domain,[ it should not be used with Gsuite or any other email provider](https://help.mailgun.com/hc/en-us/articles/203357040-Can-I-Use-the-Same-Domain-Name-for-Mailgun-and-for-Google-Apps-Or-Another-Email-Server-) 

Sub-domain:

  * To set up the subdomain, you can type ANYTHING_HERE.companyname.com
    * Examples:
      * replies.companyname.com
      * support.companyname.com

3\. Click on Add & Verify

The next screen that you're taken to will ask you to add DNS records to your Domain. Leave this screen open for the next step.

4\. Now log in to your DNS records based on where you get the Domain and add the 5 DNS records.

## To add the 1st TXT record

Sign in to your [GoDaddy Domain Portfolio](https://dcc.godaddy.com/control/portfolio) to add your [first TXT record](https://ca.godaddy.com/help/add-a-txt-record-19232). 

Click on the three dots for the Domain Edit Options next to your Domain

Select **Edit DNS**. You may need to scroll down to see the Edit DNS option.

Click on Add to add a new record.

A. Type: Select TXT from the Type menu options.

B. Host: DO NOT INCLUDE THE ROOT DOMAIN

  * Depending on the subdomain you are trying to set up, if you are trying to set up
    * **lc**.companyname.com - The host name will be **lc**  
    * [replies.companyname.com](//replies.companyname.com) \- The host name will be **replies**
  * If you are setting up a **main** domain like companyname.com, the hostname will be **@**

C. TXT Value: Same for everyone

  * paste the following record **v=spf1 include:mailgun.org ~all**

D. Click on **Save**

****

## **To add the 2nd TXT record**

Click on **Add** to add a new record.

A. Type:

    Select **TXT** from the Type menu options.

B. Host:

    It's a bit tricky but the key here is to copy everything from the beginning until the subdomain part, **DO NOT INCLUDE THE ROOT DOMAIN**

****Everyone's 2nd TXT record hostname and value is different**

Examples: **copy the highlighted part ONLY**

Example 1 using subdomain:  
Copy **mx._domainkey.helpdesk** as the hostname|   
---|---  
Example 2 using main Domain:  
Copy **mailo._domainkey**  as the hostname|   

C. TXT Value:

Copy the 2nd TXT record here, **highlighted in the screenshot below**

  * Value: paste the 2nd very long copied TXT record here

D. Click on **Save**

****

## To add the 1st MX records

Click on **Add** to add a new record.

Suppose you have a Gsuite account to capture incoming emails for the main Domain. Make sure you are using a subdomain. Check out primary[Can I Use the Same Domain Name for Mailgun and for Google Apps (Or Another Email Server)?](https://help.mailgun.com/hc/en-us/articles/203357040-Can-I-Use-the-Same-Domain-Name-for-Mailgun-and-for-Google-Apps-Or-Another-Email-Server-)

A. Type: Select **MX** from the Type menu options.

B. Host: Different for everyone

Depending on the subdomain you are trying to set up, if you are trying to set up

  * **lc**.companyname.com - The host name will be **lc**
  * [replies.companyname.com](https://replies.companyname.com/) \- The host name will be **replies**

If you are setting up a **main** domain like companyname.com, the host name will be **@**

C. Points to: Same for everyone

    paste the following data **[mxa.mailgun.org](//mxa.mailgun.org) **

D. Priority is **10** which is also same for everyone no matter what Domain you are trying to set

E. Click on **Save**

## To add the 2nd MX records

Click on **Add** to add a new record.

A. Type: Select **MX** from the Type menu options.

B. Host: Different for everyone

Depending on the subdomain you are trying to set up, if you are trying to set up

  * **lc**.companyname.com - The host name will be **lc**
  * [replies.companyname.com](https://replies.companyname.com/) \- The host name will be **replies**

If you are setting up a **main** domain like companyname.com, the host name will be **@**

C. Points to: Same for everyone

    paste the following data **mxb.mailgun.org**  

D. Priority is **10** which is also same for everyone no matter what Domain you are trying to set

E. Click on **Save**

## To add the CNAME record

Click on **Add** to add a new record.

A. Type: Select **CNAME** from the Type menu options.

B. Host: Different for everyone

Head back to HighLevel to copy the host name, it's a bit tricky but the key here is to copy everything from the beginning until the subdomain part, **DO NOT copy the main Domain**

Depending on the subdomain you are trying to set up, if you are trying to set up

  * **lc**.companyname.com - The host name will be**  email.****lc**
  * [replies.companyname.com](https://replies.companyname.com/) \- The host name will be **email.****replies**

If you are setting up a **main** domain like companyname.com, the host name will be **email**

C. Points to: Same for everyone

        paste the following data **[mailgun.org](//mailgun.org)**

****  

D. Click on**Save**

Now that you have added 5 records, click on **Verify Domain**

Click the same button to **Verify Domain** again if some records are still not showing the green checkmark

Once you add all the DNS records and verify, you can make sure the [SSL Certificate for Dedicated Sending Domain (LC - Email)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001227438) is all set.

Then we could send a test email to see if everything works! Click here to learn [How to send a test email in the Conversation](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001208887)

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [LC Email Dedicated Sending Domains](/support/solutions/articles/48001226115-lc-email-dedicated-sending-domains)
  * [Google Dedicated Sending Domain Setup (LC Email)](/support/solutions/articles/48001240481-google-dedicated-sending-domain-setup-lc-email-)
  * [GoDaddy Dedicated Sending Domain Setu (LC Email)](/support/solutions/articles/48001237513-godaddy-dedicated-sending-domain-setu-lc-email-)
  * [Siteground Dedicated Sending Domain Setup (LC Email)](/support/solutions/articles/155000000568-siteground-dedicated-sending-domain-setup-lc-email-)

## You may like to read -

  * [LC Email Dedicated Sending Domains](/support/solutions/articles/48001226115-lc-email-dedicated-sending-domains)
  * [What will be the order of Email Provider we will use to send emails?](/support/solutions/articles/48001209681-what-will-be-the-order-of-email-provider-we-will-use-to-send-emails-)
  * [LC Email / Mailgun replies not working when using WIX as the domain provider](/support/solutions/articles/48001188738-lc-email-mailgun-replies-not-working-when-using-wix-as-the-domain-provider)
  * [Google Dedicated Sending Domain Setup (LC Email)](/support/solutions/articles/48001240481-google-dedicated-sending-domain-setup-lc-email-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
