Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How to Import Email template(s) from Mailchimp

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Import Email template(s) from Mailchimp

Modified on: Mon, 3 Oct, 2022 at 2:03 AM

In order to import your Mailchimp email template, you need to log in to your Mailchimp account. Click on the "Templates" link in the left menu and you should see a list of all of your saved templates. 

If not, click the "**create new template** " button and add the title that is displayed below your email template:

* * *

**Covered in this article:**

Preview the Email Campaign/ Template

Follow the steps given information in Mailchimp 

Campaign

Template

**FAQ**

  * Do we need emails like Drag and Drop with Import for Mailchimp?
  * What will be the title of the Email Template?

* * *

# **Overview:  **

Importing of email third-party providers like Mailchimp which provides email campaigns and templates. Here's how you can import email from Mailchimp:

**Please Note:**

    Template which will get created will be in Code Editor - HTML type of email.

* * *

## **Preview the Email Campaign/ Template**

1 - Go to **Emails** > **Email Templates**

2 - Click on "Create New Templates" with the option of "Import Template".

* * *

## **Importing an Email Template from Mailchimp  **

### **Campaign**

\- Go to **Mailchimp** > **All Campaigns**

\- Visit the **Campaign from All Campaigns**

\- Click **Edit  **> View Email and copy the campaign URL  

### **Template**

\- Create a new campaign with the existing template and follow the steps to copy the campaign URL.  

  1. **1 - Copy and paste the URL for Mailchimp Campaign/ Template**  
  2. **2 -  **Check the preview of the Mailchimp Campaign
  3. **3 -  **Click **Create Template** to Import the Mailchimp

* * *

## **Importing an Email Template from _Active Campaign_  **

### **Campaign**

\- Go to **Mailchimp** > **All Campaigns**

\- Visit the **Campaign from All Campaigns**

\- Click **Edit  **> View Email and copy the campaign URL  

### **Template**

\- Create a new campaign with the existing template and follow the steps to copy the campaign URL.  

  1. **1 - Copy and paste the URL for Mailchimp Campaign/ Template**  
  2. **2 -  **Check the preview of the Mailchimp Campaign
  3. **3 -  **Click **Create Template** to Import the Mailchimp

* * *

# **FAQ**

### **Do we need emails like Drag and Drop with Import for Mailchimp?**

This is our experiment to encourage users to use and share feedback with us.   

### **What will be the title of the Email Template?**

The user will be required to add the template name after clicking "create template".

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [MailChimp to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003392-mailchimp-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [How to import HTML Email Templates/ Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215400-how-to-import-html-email-templates-campaigns)
  * [How to import Email Template(s) from ActiveCampaign](/support/solutions/articles/48001223010-how-to-import-email-template-s-from-activecampaign)
  * [How to Use the Kajabi Email Template Importer](/support/solutions/articles/155000002542-how-to-use-the-kajabi-email-template-importer)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
