Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  6. How to resell WordPress to your clients

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to resell WordPress to your clients

Modified on: Mon, 2 Sep, 2024 at 12:30 PM

In this article, we will discuss how you can resell WordPress to your clients.

* * *

#### **Pre-requisites**

#### Connect your Agency Stripe Account

####   
**Picking Your Plan**

#### **Setting your Sales Price**

#### **Personalizing offers for certain clients**

#### **Disabling Offers for certain clients**

#### **How is the experience for your client?**

#### **How do your clients discover this feature?**

#### **How do your Clients complete the purchase?**

#### **How does the billing work?**

####   

* * *

# **Pre-requisites**

## Connect your Agency Stripe Account

Your agency Stripe account will be used to collect subscription payments for WordPress hosting from your clients. You can connect your agency Stripe account to your agency by following this help article - <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard>

* * *

# Picking Your Plan

You can pick your pricing plans on Agency left menu -> reselling screen

We currently have a standard plan for all users

  1. Pay-as-you-go plan that charges you a monthly subscription of $10 / site + you can resell it for an amount of your choice

* * *

# Setting your Sales Price

You can set your agency-wide offer by configuring it on Agency left menu -> reselling tab

* * *

## Personalizing offers for certain clients

If you wish to offer a different rate to certain clients, you can do so by going to Account List -> search for client -> view details

* * *

## Disabling Offers for certain clients

If you have certain clients that you do not wish to offer WordPress to, you can turn if off from Agency Left Menu -> List of accounts -> Search for location -> View details and toggling off the Offer WordPress option.

**Please note:**

    This offer can only be disabled before the sale has happened. Once a location already purchases WordPress, you can not disable it from here. 

* * *

# **How is the experience for your client?**

## How do your clients discover this feature?

Your clients can discover your WordPress offer in 3 ways

  1. Top bar notification banner (_This is a one-time notification and once dismissed it disappears forever_).
  2. LaunchPad item
  3.  Location left menu -> Sites -> WordPress

* * *

## **How do your Clients complete the purchase?**

Once your clients have discovered the feature, they can proceed to purchase WordPress from you by clicking on the get started button

When your client clicks the Continue button the system will create the subscription, process the payment, and take them to the WordPress dashboard.

* * *

# **How does the billing work?**

When your client purchases WordPress it creates 2 subscriptions in the System

  1. Between your client's card & your Stripe Account so you can collect payment from your clients
  2. Between HighLevel & your card so you can pay $10 / month to HighLevel 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001199648-getting-started-with-wordpress-client-side-setup-guide)
  * [How to resell WordPress to your clients](/support/solutions/articles/48001199647-how-to-resell-wordpress-to-your-clients)
  * [How to Add Domains in the WordPress Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000002547-how-to-add-domains-in-the-wordpress-dashboard)
  * [WordPress Hosting: Specs, Market Comparison, and New Pricing Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001231366-wordpress-hosting-specs-market-comparison-and-new-pricing-plans)

## You may like to read -

  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)
  * [Rebilling, Reselling, and Wallets Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000002095-rebilling-reselling-and-wallets-explained)
  * [Ad Manager Permission and Pricing](/support/solutions/articles/155000002440-ad-manager-permission-and-pricing)
  * [Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001199648-getting-started-with-wordpress-client-side-setup-guide)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
