Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  6. Phone Number Settings Explained

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Phone Number Settings Explained

Modified on: Mon, 2 Sep, 2024 at 10:25 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Number Name
  * Forwarding Number
  * Pass Called Number As Caller ID
  * Use Your Verified Number as CallerID for Outbound Calls
  * Enable Call Connect
  * Whisper Message
  * Call Recording
  * Inbound timeout
  * Outbound timeout
  * Ring Incoming Calls to All Users
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Related & Relevant Help Articles

* * *

####   

## **Number Name**

The internal name for the phone number (maybe it’s ‘main marketing number,’ or maybe you’ll name it after an employee who will get assigned this number).

* * *

## **Forwarding Number**

The phone number to which inbound calls are made to this new number should route (when someone calls the new number we just purchased, the call will be redirected to whatever number we save here).

* * *

## **Pass Called Number As Caller ID**

By default, meaning if we leave this box unchecked, the phone number of whoever is calling gets passed along to show in Caller Id. If we check this box, however, the system will pass the number we just purchased as the Caller ID number, which can be helpful as you’ll always know you’re about to answer a call from this sub-account.

* * *

## **Use Your Verified Number as CallerID for Outbound Calls**

This feature allows you to show your verified phone number in the callerID of the recipient when you are making outbound phone calls.

* * *

## **Enable Call Connect**

If this box is not checked, incoming calls will function as normal so that the call immediately connects when you answer. If we check this box, however, you’ll hear a whisper message prompting you to push a button on your phone to accept the incoming call.

**Why you would want to activate this feature:**

Throughout the CRM, you can automate off-call statuses such as connected vs. not connected, which enables you to do powerful things like automatically sending a text message back to any inbound calls that go unanswered. We call that the Missed-Call Text-Back, which we’ll learn to set up next.

To execute automation like that, the system needs to know if a call is connected, and often it can get confused by thinking that a voicemail recording is actually a person. When that happens, the call is categorized as connected even though it really didn’t connect to a human.

We can eliminate the possibility of confusion by checking the checkbox. By checking the box, the receiver of the inbound call must press a key to connect. That way, the system always knows whether or not a call was actually answered by a human, which is why we recommend turning this on.

* * *

## **Whisper Message**

The Whisper Message controls the message played to the person who answers the call when the Call-Connect features are enabled. So we would put something like “HighLevel call” or “Call from your agency name, press a key” so that you know you’re about to hop on a call from the system and that you need to press a key to connect.

* * *

## **Call Recording**

The ability to turn on call recording is incredibly powerful as we will not only record the calls, but we will also publish the recording right into the conversation stream of each contact, along with all the emails, text messages, Facebook messages, Instagram DMs, and more! If you turn this on, please be aware that most states require that you enter a whisper message here, like “this call will be recorded for quality purposes,” so that the caller is aware.

* * *

## **Inbound timeout**

The amount of time (in seconds) the system lets the inbound call ring before being dropped or forwarded to a voicemail (personal voicemail or pre-recorded voicemail within the CRM).

####   
**    Scenario 1**

If you want the lead to reach your cellphone voicemail, you can leave this field blank or add 60 secs.

####   

####     **Scenario 2**

If you want the line to ring and the lead to reach a pre-recorded voicemail set within the CRM, add the inbound call timeout to around 20+/- seconds. Setting a short timeout will ensure the line doesn't ring long enough to reach your personal voicemail recording

####   
**    Scenario 3**

If you want inbound calls to go straight to the pre-recorded voicemail within the CRM, set the inbound call timeout to 1-4 seconds. This will ensure that the voicemail set within the CRM is used. If so, you must ensure you have uploaded a voicemail (MP3/WAV file) within the Business Info tab or the [assigned users' profile settings](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001152124).

* * *

## **Outbound timeout**

The amount of time (in seconds) the system lets the _outbound_ call ring before dropping the call. Setting a shorter outbound timeout to 30 +/- seconds will reduce your chances of reaching the customer's/leads voicemail. This is ideal if you run [voicemail drop campaigns](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000981430) or your agents have large lists and only want to speak to readily available leads.

* * *

## **Ring Incoming Calls to All Users**

This feature allows you to pass incoming calls to users (team members) in your sub-account. When you get a phone call, the phone of every user you select here will ring until someone picks up the call or the timeout has occurred. You can select up to 7 users to receive incoming phone calls, which increases the likelihood of calls being answered by your team even if a few team members are unavailable at the time of the incoming call. More information on this option in this support article: [Ring Incoming call to multiple users](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002850).

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

**Q: What is the system's default behavior if the Inbound/outbound call timeout is blank?**

**A:** The system's default behavior is 60 secs for both.

**Q: What URL do I provide when verifying a toll-free number for my sub-account?**

**A:** You would provide the URL to your business website, the one that would be a potential point-of-contact for customers and prospects who receive your sms messages. Check out this article to learn more: [Toll-Free Number Registration for LC - Phone (US/Canada)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222300)

* * *

### **Related & Relevant Help Articles:**

[Inbound Call Routing - Explained](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000981432)

[Outbound Calls / Softphone - How It Works](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000981431)

[Phone numbers for users / Assign Twilio Numbers to Users](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001152124)

[How to buy a Twilio number for the HighLevel location inside Twilio console?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001219820)

[Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001203968)

[How to buy a toll-free number?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204834)

[Toll-Free Number Registration for LC - Phone (US/Canada)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222300)

[Porting your telephone number (non-Twilio number) to a location](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001211919)

[Hosting your US telephone number (non-Twilio number) to a location](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001230556)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002850)

[Ring Incoming call to multiple users](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002850)  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [Voicemail For Company And For Users](/support/solutions/articles/48001146671-voicemail-for-company-and-for-users)
  * [Workflow Action - IVR Connect Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000003371-workflow-action-ivr-connect-call)
  * [Workflow Action - Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000003274-workflow-action-call)
  * [Call Status Workflow Trigger Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48001212511-call-status-workflow-trigger-setup)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
