Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [Content AI](/support/solutions/folders/155000000937)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [Content AI](/support/solutions/folders/155000000937)
  6. How to Find Past Records of Content Generated by Content AI

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Find Past Records of Content Generated by Content AI

Modified on: Thu, 9 Mar, 2023 at 2:41 PM

Content AI provides users to check the generated content along with variations. We understand each penny matters. Thus we have provided a log of the generated content. Users can check the previous logs of generated content and use them whenever required. 

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### How to access previous records of generated Content AI?

#### What is the benefit of having a log of previously generated Content AI?

* * *

## **How to access previous records of generated Content AI?**

Once the content is generated, it will get registered on the content AI details page. Go to **Automations > Content AI **to view all the posts generated with AI assistance. 

You can then copy any of the variations that you generated.

* * *

## **What is the benefit of having a log of previously generated Content AI?**

Having access to a log of generated content can be very helpful for businesses to keep track of their content creation and ensure consistency across their brand messaging. Accessing previous logs of generated content can also save time for businesses, as they can reuse content that has already been generated and make any necessary tweaks or adjustments as needed.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Find Past Records of Content Generated by Content AI](/support/solutions/articles/48001234812-how-to-find-past-records-of-content-generated-by-content-ai)
  * [How to Enable and Rebill Content AI?](/support/solutions/articles/48001234826-how-to-enable-and-rebill-content-ai-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to create a Social Post with Content AI?](/support/solutions/articles/48001234788-how-to-create-a-social-post-with-content-ai-)
  * [How to create blog post outline with Content AI?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236120-how-to-create-blog-post-outline-with-content-ai-)
  * [How to Enable and Rebill Content AI?](/support/solutions/articles/48001234826-how-to-enable-and-rebill-content-ai-)
  * [How to create Emails using Content AI?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236751-how-to-create-emails-using-content-ai-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
