Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Campaigns](/support/solutions/folders/48000665900)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Campaigns](/support/solutions/folders/48000665900)
  6. Event Start Date - Campaign Configurations

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Event Start Date - Campaign Configurations

Modified on: Wed, 14 Jul, 2021 at 9:51 AM

Note: Now that Workflows are live in all accounts, you can do everything that Triggers and Campaigns do (and more!), all in one builder! [Click to learn more about Workflows](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001179678-workflow-builder-overview). 

How & When To Use The Event Start Date In A Campaign 

The Event Start Date field allows you to build automations around a specific date & time. Once you set the Event Start Date, all the items in that campaign will trigger **in relation to** that day/time. 

So for example, if you were running a webinar on January 20th, you would be able to build a campaign with the Event Start Date set to January 20th, 2pm and then add items in the campaigns like emails and text reminders that go out the day before and the hour before by setting the timing of those items to "Before 1 day", "Before 1 hour", etc.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to personalize you campaigns with conditional element](/support/solutions/articles/155000003903-how-to-personalize-you-campaigns-with-conditional-element)
  * [Using the Inline Forms/ Surveys Element in email campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003912-using-the-inline-forms-surveys-element-in-email-campaign)
  * [How to analyze workflow campaigns?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003902-how-to-analyze-workflow-campaigns-)
  * [How To Build SMS Opt-In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001170758-how-to-build-sms-opt-in-campaigns)

## You may like to read -

  * [Creating a Campaign - Basics](/support/solutions/articles/48000980853-creating-a-campaign-basics)
  * [List of Custom Values (Merge Fields)](/support/solutions/articles/48001078171-list-of-custom-values-merge-fields-)
  * [Email Signatures](/support/solutions/articles/48000982598-email-signatures)
  * [Workflow Action - Add Manual Sales For An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/155000003459-workflow-action-add-manual-sales-for-an-affiliate)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
