Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to connect to Twitter (X)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to connect to Twitter (X)

Modified on: Thu, 10 Oct, 2024 at 1:17 PM

###   

### **Social Planner gives you the ability to add all your Twitter (X) profile publish posts and engage with your audience through tweets and retweets (follow-up comments).**

#### **Step 1. Go to Social Planner > Setting**

#### To get started, please go to Social Planner. In the top right corner of Social Planner, there is a Setting option (Gear icon). Please navigate to Settings by clicking it.

#### 

#### 

####   

#### **Step 2. Click on Connect a new Twitter (X) Account**

#### The next step is to click on connect a new Twitter (X) Account of the table as shown below to manage.

### 

###   

#### **Step 3. Authorize Twitter (X)Profile**

#### Click on the  Authorize App and your Twitter profile should be connected with ContentStudio.

### 

### 

###   

#### **Step 4. Verify your connection**

#### Last but not least, all of the selected pages in the previous step will be listed down showing a successful connection; as shown in the image below.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [@Mention or Tag Profile in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000002679--mention-or-tag-profile-in-social-planner)
  * [How to Customise post for each socials?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000624-how-to-customise-post-for-each-socials-)
  * [Follow up Comment](/support/solutions/articles/48001215734-follow-up-comment)
  * [How to schedule Posts in Bulk on the Social Planner (CSV)](/support/solutions/articles/48001223431-how-to-schedule-posts-in-bulk-on-the-social-planner-csv-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
