Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Internal Tools Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000751)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Internal Tools Workflow Actions](/support/solutions/folders/155000000751)
  6. Workflow Action - Wait

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Action - Wait

Modified on: Wed, 4 Sep, 2024 at 1:36 AM

The wait event is a special type of workflow action that allows you to pause the contact at a specific step in your workflow until some desired condition is met. The wait event can be used when you want to wait for a tag, an appointment, a specific time or event, a contact reply, etc.

####   

#### In this article, we will cover the wait action in workflows

* * *

#### **Covered in this article:**

#### **Time-Based Wait Events  **

#### **CRM Events**

#### **How it works?**

####   
**FAQ**

#### How to set up a Wait for Contact Reply wait step

* * *

## **Time-Based Wait Events  **

## ****

##   

* * *

## **CRM Events**

****

## **How it works?**

Wait is an action that will keep the contaft on pause/hold till the chosen condition is met. Features of the wait action are mentioned below.

  * Branching -There will be two separate branches created when a wait action is selected, one for an actual condition and one separate branch for Timeout. Using this users can take actions based on if the contact has fulfilled the wait condition or the wait has timed out.
  * Text explanations for each branch - A text explanation for each branch node, which will explain what will happen for that specific branch.

Stats view - Users can, move/remove selective contacts waiting on wait action, to next action and for all contacts. "Next Execution Time" will be displayed on the stats view which shows when the cotact will next be executed on the condition selected.

  * Execution Logs -This shows a bifurcation for the timed out contacts and the contacts that are have fulfilled the conditions in the Execution logs details section.

* * *

# **FAQ**

### **How to set up a __Wait for  _____Contact Reply___ wait step**

### [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001183164)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Action - Wait](/support/solutions/articles/155000002470-action-wait)
  * [Action - If/Else](/support/solutions/articles/155000002471-action-if-else)
  * [Action - Remove from Workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000002553-action-remove-from-workflow)
  * [Action - Add to Workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000002554-action-add-to-workflow)

## You may like to read -

  * [WhatsApp - WorkFlow Integration](/support/solutions/articles/155000001624-whatsapp-workflow-integration)
  * [Understanding Workflow Behaviour with SMS and Customer Replies](/support/solutions/articles/155000002475-understanding-workflow-behaviour-with-sms-and-customer-replies)
  * [Action - Wait](/support/solutions/articles/155000002470-action-wait)
  * [Workflow Action - GPT History](/support/solutions/articles/155000003381-workflow-action-gpt-history)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
