Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)

Modified on: Thu, 22 Aug, 2024 at 9:21 AM

**Google My Business**  is one of the most reliable platforms for marketers to manage the online presence of their business niche. It is the authentic way to acquire the trust of your audience by sharing your details to create a personalised relationship with them. This way the ultimate goal is to drive the audience to your businesses.

# **How to connect your Google My Business profile**

## **Step 1:** Go to Social Planner > Setting

To get started, please go to Social Planner. In the top right corner of Social Planner, there is a Setting option (Gear icon). Please navigate to Settings by clicking it.  

## 

## **Step 2:**  Click on Connect a new Google My Business Location

The next step is to click on Connect a new Google My Business profile of the table as shown below to manage multiple GMB Locations.  

## **Step 3:  **Give permissions by choosing the Gmail Account  
If you're connecting any profile for the first time, they ask you to choose the Gmail account.

## **Step 4:**  Choose the GMB Locations for the Social Planner

Note:

    **1.** If the GMB location is already added, it will show the message of the "location already added".
    
    **2.** If the GMB account has more than _10_ locations, it will show an error that **"This location belongs to a chain. The Local Post API is disabled for this location".**

# **Troubleshooting**

#### [Click here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001210696-google-my-business-publishing-troubleshooting) to go to the troubleshooting document

## 

    Social Planner is available in the[ New UI](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001202113).

##   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Share your Review Post on social media using Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000001620-share-your-review-post-on-social-media-using-social-planner)
  * [Failed Post Error in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001218255-failed-post-error-in-social-planner)
  * [Google My Business Publishing Troubleshooting](/support/solutions/articles/48001210696-google-my-business-publishing-troubleshooting)
  * [Direct posting for Tiktok! Forget Push Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000001554-direct-posting-for-tiktok-forget-push-notifications)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
