Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Miscellaneous](/support/solutions/48000453288)
  4. [UX Issues](/support/solutions/folders/48000677469)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Miscellaneous](/support/solutions/48000453288)
     * [UX Issues](/support/solutions/folders/48000677469)
  6. My CRM Data is Loading Slowly What Can I Do?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# My CRM Data is Loading Slowly What Can I Do?

Modified on: Fri, 25 Feb, 2022 at 1:49 AM

#### If you or your customer are facing issue with your dashboard loading slowly or it takes a while for the data to show up on a specific module, please follow the troubleshooting steps below:

## **Step 1:  **Login using an **incognito window** and check if it is still happening. 

If this does not resolve the issue, it has something to do with the browser cache. _Please proceed to the next step below_

## **Step 2:** Ask the user to please **clear browser cache** and reload the page. The user will need to sign in again. 

To clear cache please paste the URL in your preferred browser. 

  * Chrome: chrome://settings/siteData
  * Edge: edge://settings/clearBrowserData?search=cache

    If you do not see your browser, please google further instructions on how to clear your cookies/ cache

 _If this does not work please proceed to the next step below_

## **Step 3:** If the issue is still happening, this might be because of an **extension(s)** installed on their browser. Ask the user to disable all the extensions and check again. 

_Proceed to step 2, if this step does not resolve the issue_.

## **Step 4:  **Try different browsers like Firefox or Safari or Chrome. If it still fails, follow the next step.

## **Step 5:  **Go to the page where you see this happening and **right click > Click on Inspect > Console > Take a screenshot of the error message that you see here and raise a ticket.**** **

[](https://www.loom.com/share/62c1aa1e95f543a7a868c399859b5e51)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [CRM Loading States: Troubleshooting lags and Impact of Custom CSS and JS](/support/solutions/articles/48001176375-crm-loading-states-troubleshooting-lags-and-impact-of-custom-css-and-js)
  * [My CRM Data is Loading Slowly What Can I Do?](/support/solutions/articles/48001210187-my-crm-data-is-loading-slowly-what-can-i-do-)
  * [Enabling Cross-Site Tracking (3rd Party Cookies)](/support/solutions/articles/155000000178-enabling-cross-site-tracking-3rd-party-cookies-)

## You may like to read -

  * [CRM Loading States: Troubleshooting lags and Impact of Custom CSS and JS](/support/solutions/articles/48001176375-crm-loading-states-troubleshooting-lags-and-impact-of-custom-css-and-js)
  * [How to Integrate TikTok Lead Ads](/support/solutions/articles/48001223558-how-to-integrate-tiktok-lead-ads)
  * [How to sync HighLevel Calendars With Outlook](/support/solutions/articles/48001188796-how-to-sync-highlevel-calendars-with-outlook)
  * [How to use the Inbound Webhook Workflow Premium Trigger?](/support/solutions/articles/48001237383-how-to-use-the-inbound-webhook-workflow-premium-trigger-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
