Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  6. WP File Manager Plugin (Stable Alternative for FTP Access)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# WP File Manager Plugin (Stable Alternative for FTP Access)

Modified on: Wed, 28 Sep, 2022 at 3:06 PM

A WordPress file manager is a plugin that enables users to perform file management tasks from the WordPress dashboard. Instead of logging in to your control panel or File Transfer Protocol (FTP) client, you can access the WordPress website files from a single location.  

**Covered in this Article**

**Why use this plugin instead of having FTP Access?**

**How to install the WP file manager plugin?**

* * *

## **Why use this plugin instead of having FTP Access?**

##   

FTP is inherently a non-secure way to transfer data. When a file is sent using this protocol, the data, username, and password are all shared in plain text, which means a hacker can access this information with little to no effort.

WP File Manager provides an intuitive user interface with a clear structure pane and display.

The plugin is free to download and use, but you need to purchase a license to access its advanced features such as private folder creation and control file operations for different user roles. These are useful if you have a team managing multiple websites.  

* * *

## **How to install the WP file manager plugin?**

You can install this plugin by going to your Plugins tab in the WP admin view like this:  

1\. Go to your WP Admin view  
2\. Click on Plugins  
3\. Click on Add New  
4\. Search for WP File Manager. Select the one shown in the gif above.  
5\. Install and activate it.

**_You can read more about this plugin here:_**

**[](https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-file-manager/)**[](https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-file-manager/)<https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-file-manager/>  

**Please Note:**

    Just like the dangers with FTP access, if you are not careful with what kind of file you are handling using this plugin, it could still cause issues.  
      
    Please restore your WordPress to your most recent stable backup if you come across any issues.

[](https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-file-manager/)**[](https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-file-manager/)**  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001199648-getting-started-with-wordpress-client-side-setup-guide)
  * [How to resell WordPress to your clients](/support/solutions/articles/48001199647-how-to-resell-wordpress-to-your-clients)
  * [How to Add Domains in the WordPress Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000002547-how-to-add-domains-in-the-wordpress-dashboard)
  * [WordPress Hosting: Specs, Market Comparison, and New Pricing Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001231366-wordpress-hosting-specs-market-comparison-and-new-pricing-plans)

## You may like to read -

  * [List of blocked WordPress plugins](/support/solutions/articles/48001214712-list-of-blocked-wordpress-plugins)
  * [WordPress Hosting: Specs, Market Comparison, and New Pricing Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001231366-wordpress-hosting-specs-market-comparison-and-new-pricing-plans)
  * [WordPress Error Codes and Troubleshooting](/support/solutions/articles/48001221815-wordpress-error-codes-and-troubleshooting)
  * [How to Switch from FirstPromoter to Affiliate Manager?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003639-how-to-switch-from-firstpromoter-to-affiliate-manager-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
