Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  6. Phone Call Redirect Loop

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Phone Call Redirect Loop

Modified on: Fri, 7 Apr, 2023 at 2:35 PM

If you're hearing a loop on phone calls or you're seeing lots of calls stack up, one after the other, in Conversations, odds are one of your users has been assigned a Twilio number but also has that number set in the Phone field in their user settings.

Another possible reason is that the business phone number or the forwarding number set might look like a different number from the Twilio number, but it is configured to route back to the Twilio number. So this will cause a call loop because we will try to forward the calls to the business phone number. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Call Events Not Working for Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981465-call-events-not-working-for-twilio)
  * [Geo Permissions Issues with Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981435-geo-permissions-issues-with-twilio)
  * [Purchase Twilio Number - "Please Select Bundle/Address to Purchase Number"](/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-bundle-address-to-purchase-number-)
  * [Phone Call Redirect Loop](/support/solutions/articles/48001076653-phone-call-redirect-loop)

## You may like to read -

  * [Payment Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000002177-payment-links)
  * [301 Redirects For Domains](/support/solutions/articles/48001202713-301-redirects-for-domains)
  * [Loop Lockouts](/support/solutions/articles/48001193281-loop-lockouts)
  * [How To Redirect HighLevel Domains (www to non-www)](/support/solutions/articles/48001065407-how-to-redirect-highlevel-domains-www-to-non-www-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
