Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665896)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665896)
  6. How to use the client's own Twilio account for the lo...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to use the client's own Twilio account for the location?

Modified on: Mon, 13 Feb, 2023 at 11:15 AM

In an event where your client sign up for their own Twilio account, here's how to use the client's own Twilio account for the location:

1\. Go to the **Agency view** > **Settings** > **Phone System**

[](https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/twilio)<https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/phone_system>

2\. If the location already has a Twilio SID generated, we can click Update Credentials by clicking the three dots on the right to delete the connection:

3\. If the account SID and auth token provided by your client is a Twilio **Subaccount, you can then replace the Account SID and auth token here.**

If the account SID and auth token provided by your client is a Twilio **Master account,  **it's best to integrate with the subaccount.

How to create a subaccount inside Twilio:

<https://console.twilio.com/>

1\. Click the **Account** dropdown on the top right > **Subaccounts**

2\. Click on Create subaccount

3\. Type the location company name here and click **Create subaccount**

Once the subaccount is created, click the **Account Name** to go inside the subaccount.

**4\. Copy** the Account SID and auth token to the HighLevel Twilio settings:

Please reach out to Twilio support to help move the numbers if the number was in the master Twilio account:

[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-move-number-not-working-showing-error-request-failed-with-status-code)<https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223135327-Moving-Twilio-Phone-Numbers-to-another-Twilio-project>

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to validate phone numbers (SMS) ?](/support/solutions/articles/48001153968-how-to-validate-phone-numbers-sms-)
  * [How to use the client's own Twilio account for the location?](/support/solutions/articles/48001220001-how-to-use-the-client-s-own-twilio-account-for-the-location-)
  * [How to use Custom CSS to hide the Twilio error banner](/support/solutions/articles/48001232032-how-to-use-custom-css-to-hide-the-twilio-error-banner)
  * [Setting up webhooks to receive incoming calls, messages and status updates for calls (for Twilio users)](/support/solutions/articles/155000002824-setting-up-webhooks-to-receive-incoming-calls-messages-and-status-updates-for-calls-for-twilio-user)

## You may like to read -

  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [How to Disable LC Phone System for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001231698-how-to-disable-lc-phone-system-for-your-agency)
  * [Call disconnected in mobile app only](/support/solutions/articles/48001172952-call-disconnected-in-mobile-app-only)
  * [Import Existing Twilio Numbers into HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48000981421-import-existing-twilio-numbers-into-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
