Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Eliza Agent Platform](/support/solutions/48000456231)
  4. [Eliza Agent Platform Onboarding](/support/solutions/folders/48000690746)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Eliza Agent Platform](/support/solutions/48000456231)
     * [Eliza Agent Platform Onboarding](/support/solutions/folders/48000690746)
  6. Eliza Agent Platform Conversations

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Eliza Agent Platform Conversations

Modified on: Tue, 26 Sep, 2023 at 1:49 PM

This article covers the Conversations feature of the Eliza Agent Platform. It explains what each conversation channel is meant to do and how to utilize them.

#   

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### **Conversations Tab Overview**

#### Filtering Options

#### Contact tab 

#### General Info

#### Additional Info

#### FAQs

#### Appt

#### Notes

#### Tasks

#### Conversations in a single screen

#### Scheduling in Eliza

#### Search Appointments

#### Ending the Chat

####   
**Supported Channels**

#### Outbound calling

#### Send to Eliza Workflow setup on HL and Eliza Agent Platform.

#### Send to Eliza contacts on the Eliza Agent Platform.

**Related Articles**

[Eliza Agent Platform Introduction and FAQs ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)  
[Eliza Agent Platform Settings within the CRM](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236605-eliza-agent-platform-settings-within-the-crm)

[Eliza Agent Platform Settings](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236575-eliza-agent-platform-settings)

[Eliza Agent Platform Search Tools](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236599-eliza-agent-platform-search-tools)

[Eliza Agent Platform Dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236604-eliza-agent-platform-dashboard)

* * *

## **Conversations Tab Overview**

### **Filtering Options**

Messages can be filtered by Read/Unread/All, Priority Location, and contacts Sent to Eliza. There is also a way to sort the messages by High Priority First, Low Priority First, Latest First, and Oldest First.

We will elaborate on the Sent to Eliza messages in a different section.

When you click this icon, all the replied conversations will be closed in one click.

 Here 30 represents the total number of conversations in the inbox and 12 conversations that need a response.

On the right side, the tabs give additional information necessary to nurture the lead. 

### **Contact tab  **

  * The following information is available under the Contact tab:
  * location, 
  * address
  * location's current time with time zone
  * Contact details
  * DND toggle
  * Tags - to add or remove tags from the contact
  * Campaigns - Contact can be added to a campaign
  * Opportunities - add a contact as an opportunity or change stage for a contact

### **General Info**

  * It has all the information from the General Info tab of GHL.

### **Additional Info**

  * It has all the custom fields. You can click "**Hide Empty Field"  **to hide the empty fields to avoid clutter.

### **FAQs**

  * Displays all the FAQs configured for the location. The agent can click the icon to the left of the FAQ answer and copy it directly to the reply box in the conversation. The agent can search on the FAQs section for faster results.

### **Appt**

Lists all the appointments booked for the chosen contact. A meeting can be either rescheduled, canceled, or deleted.

### **Notes**

  * Shows the notes added to this contact. An Eliza Agent can also add notes in this section.

### **Tasks**

  * This tab lists tasks created on this contact. Eliza agent can also create tasks for users on the HighLevel account.

### **Conversations in a single screen**

This Conversations screen will list all the conversations from the locations this agent is assigned to work on. 

Eliza Agent Platform supports seven channels - Email / Text / GMB / Facebook messenger / Instagram  / Reviews/calls.

The conversations box will list items from all these seven channels.

### **Scheduling in Eliza**

For scheduling an appointment, the agent can directly choose the calendar, date, and time slot to book the appointment. 

These slots shown in the dropdown are those available within the scheduled dates. If you want to see all the available slots, check the box "Show all available slots." This way, agents can see and book those appointments that are not visible for leads in general.

The appointment can be automatically confirmed by choosing the "Confirmed" option in the appointment status. If you don't want to ensure, select "New" in this dropdown.

If the team calendar is chosen, booking it in the round-robin or for a particular team member will be available.

### **Search Appointments**

The agent can search for the available slots on this screen if the contact gives a broad range of options. 

Clicking **"View more"** will allow more open slots for sending back to the lead.

### **Ending the Chat**

When a chat is ended, the system will give the option to choose the disposition. The agent can select the "Close without disposition" option if the conversation has to be closed without a disposition. 

For the chosen disposition, the agent will be forced to enter the comment if configured to require the comments. Also, if a tag is configured to be assigned upon adding the disposition, that tag will be assigned. 

### **Supported Channels**

  * Text
  * Email
  * GMB
  * Facebook Messenger
  * Instagram
  * Reviews
  * Calls

#### **Outbound calling**

If the phone number is available on a contact, Eliza Agent can start the call by clicking the phone icon next to the contact's name at the top. 

When the call is in progress, an option for Blind transfer and warm transfer is available at the top.

#### **Send to Eliza Workflow setup on HL and Eliza Agent Platform.**

Contacts are sent to the Eliza Agent Platform when there is an inbound message from a contact. Instead, if you need to immediately send the contact into the Eliza Agent platform when it comes into CRM, you can use Send to Eliza action on the workflow. 

_The difference between the Send to Eliza workflow action and the Send to Eliza tag is that the workflow action will immediately push the contact into the Eliza Agent Platform. The Send to Eliza tag will only push the contact when there is an inbound message._

Login into the GHL location's workflow section. 

Set up the trigger (for ex: Call status or CRM-Contact updated etc.) and select the action as "Add Send to Eliza Agent Platform."

When this workflow is executed, the contacts will get forwarded to the Eliza Agent Platform immediately.

#### **Send to Eliza contacts on the Eliza Agent Platform.**

The contacts sent to Eliza by workflow will have a specific icon on the contact.

Alternatively, if the agent wants to see only these contacts, they can filter for "Send to Eliza" and respond immediately upon arrival.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Eliza Agent Platform - Introduction and FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Settings](/support/solutions/articles/48001236575-eliza-agent-platform-settings)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Conversations](/support/solutions/articles/48001236598-eliza-agent-platform-conversations)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Search Tools](/support/solutions/articles/48001236599-eliza-agent-platform-search-tools)

## You may like to read -

  * [Eliza Agent Platform Settings within the CRM](/support/solutions/articles/48001236605-eliza-agent-platform-settings-within-the-crm)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Search Tools](/support/solutions/articles/48001236599-eliza-agent-platform-search-tools)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001236604-eliza-agent-platform-dashboard)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform - Introduction and FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
