Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reputation Management & Reviews](/support/solutions/48000449583)
  4. [Review Requests](/support/solutions/folders/48000666025)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reputation Management & Reviews](/support/solutions/48000449583)
     * [Review Requests](/support/solutions/folders/48000666025)
  6. How to Dispute a Google Review and Check on the Dispute S...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Dispute a Google Review and Check on the Dispute Status

Modified on: Fri, 30 Sep, 2022 at 3:34 PM

When you flag a review as inappropriate, Google may take action against the reviewer, such as removing the review or banning the reviewer from leaving future reviews. This is usually only done if the review violates Google’s guidelines, such as posting spam or containing offensive language. If you believe a review is fake or biased, you can report it to Google for further investigation.

**Please Note:**  

    You can only dispute a review _from within the conversations tab_ if it was generated by the system. If the review _was**not** generated_ from the system please [**start the process by clicking here**](https://support.google.com/business/workflow/9945796)

**Covered in this article**

**Reporting a Google Review from within the Conversations tab**

**Checking the status of existing Reviews you have Reported**

* * *

## **Reporting a Google Review from within the Conversation tab**

To report a Google review from within the CRM you would need to go to the Conversations tab and search for the contact you want to report the review for and click on Dispute this review:

### You will be prompted to confirm your **Google email** and business account associated with the GMB review in question.  

##   

###   

### Next, you'll choose whether you'd like to _repor_ _t a review_ or _check the status_ of a review you've already reported:

###   

If you choose to report a new review to be removed, Google gives you a list of your recent reviews that you can click to view on Google Maps or submit a takedown request:

##   

* * *

## **Checking the status of existing Reviews you have Reported:**

To check on the status of a review that you have already reported, [click here](https://support.google.com/business/workflow/9945796).

### If you chose to check the status of a review you previously reported, it will show you those reviews, including their current status.

### You can then select that review to see more of a summary and even submit an appeal if your takedown request was not accepted.

**Please Note:**

    There is a limit to the number of reviews Google will show you here.  
    [](https://localu.org/google-my-business-launches-tool-to-manage-review-removal-requests/)  
    [Joy Hawkins reported](https://localu.org/google-my-business-launches-tool-to-manage-review-removal-requests/),_ _  
      
    _“This feature seems to only work for Google My Business accounts that have a small number of listings in them. I tried it in an account with 33 listings, and it said, ‘Based on the number of Business Profiles you manage, this process is not available.’ Our agency account also had too many listings to qualify to use it.”_

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Reputation Management - How to Customize the Review Request Messages (SMS/Email)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980328-reputation-management-how-to-customize-the-review-request-messages-sms-email-)
  * [How to Dispute a Google Review and Check on the Dispute Status](/support/solutions/articles/48001180761-how-to-dispute-a-google-review-and-check-on-the-dispute-status)
  * [Review widget - Powered By going to Bad request page](/support/solutions/articles/48001181136-review-widget-powered-by-going-to-bad-request-page)
  * [How to fix when the Review Request Email is not sending](/support/solutions/articles/48001204155-how-to-fix-when-the-review-request-email-is-not-sending)

## You may like to read -

  * [Reputation - Breaking Down the Reviews Tab](/support/solutions/articles/48001222826-reputation-breaking-down-the-reviews-tab)
  * [Reputation Management - Customizing & Displaying the Review Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48001222766-reputation-management-customizing-displaying-the-review-widget)
  * [Reputation - Breaking Down the Reputation Overview Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001222767-reputation-breaking-down-the-reputation-overview-dashboard)
  * [How to Send Review Requests](/support/solutions/articles/48001222668-how-to-send-review-requests)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
