Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [A2P registration](/support/solutions/folders/155000000021)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [A2P registration](/support/solutions/folders/155000000021)
  6. Forbidden message categories for SMS and MMS in the US an...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Forbidden message categories for SMS and MMS in the US and Canada

Modified on: Tue, 7 May, 2024 at 12:42 PM

This Messaging Policy applies to all subaccounts using LeadConnector Phone Systems (L.C. - Phone). All outbound messages from your sub-account must comply with our SMS and M.M.S. Messaging Guidelines. The following messaging use cases are prohibited on SMS or M.M.S. in the United States or Canada. 

The below information applies to extended code messaging with the rollout of the new A2P 10DLC system, in addition to the shortcode and Toll-Free messaging. Lastly, we have suggested alternatives for conducting certain unlawful use cases.

**WARNING**

    Policy violation will lead to the suspension of SMS/MMS capability for the sub-account.

* * *

## **Forbidden message categories for SMS/MMS in the U.S./Canada**

**Please Note:**

    Any use cases that violate this policy will not be allowed on the LeadConnector ISV platform, regardless of number/sender type or destination country.

# [New Sev-0 Fines on Prohibited A2P Traffic, Effective February 15, 2024](https://ideas.gohighlevel.com/changelog/new-sev-0-fines-on-prohibited-a2p-traffic-effective-february-15-2024)

What do you need to know?  

T-Mobile has introduced A2P 10DLC non-compliance fines for messages including prohibited content. If T-Mobile detects any messages that violate the tiers listed below, they will issue a Sev-0 violation (the most severe consumer violation), a non-compliance fine, and carriers will immediately block the offending messages.

This applies to all commercial messaging non-consumer A2P products (SMS or MMS short code, toll-free, and 10DLC) that traverse the T-Mobile network.

Because Sev-0 violations also infringe on HighLevel acceptable use and messaging policies, HighLevel will pass on these fines to you for every Sev-0 violation, starting February 15, 2024. These fines include, but are not limited to, the following:

  * Tier 1: $2,000: phishing (including simulated phishing sent for security testing or similar purposes), smishing, and social engineering. Social Engineering is a technique used to manipulate someone into sharing private information, like passwords or credit card numbers.
  * Tier 2: $1,000: illegal content (content must be legal federally and in all 50 states)
  * Tier 3: $500: all other violations in commercial messaging including but not limited to, SHAFT (sex, hate, alcohol, firearms, and tobacco) that do not follow federal and state law and regulations (e.g. age-gate).

These non-compliance fines apply to violations across any A2P messaging product (SMS/MMS short code, toll-free, and 10DLC). 

T-Mobile reserves the right to permanently suspend any brands, campaigns, and your company’s access to the T-Mobile Network in the event violations are deemed to be excessive. If you are subject to these fines, HighLevel will send you a Sev-0 violation notice and will subsequently charge the respective fine amount.

## **Forbidden Message & Use-Case Categories**

**Category**| **Examples**| **Notes**  
---|---|---  
High-risk financial services| 

  * **Payday loans**
  * **Short-term high-interest loans**
  * **Third-party auto loans**
  * **Third-party mortgage loans**
  * **Student loans**
  * **Cryptocurrency**

| **"Third-party" means originating from any party other than the one which will service the loan.**  
Third-party lead generation services| 

  * **Companies that buy, sell, or share consumer information.**

| ** **  
Debt collection or forgiveness| 

  * **Third-party debt collection**
  * **Debt consolidation**
  * **Debt reduction**
  * **Credit repair programs**

| **"Third-party" means originating from any party other than the one owed the debt. For example, a hospital could send messages regarding bills for its patients, assuming they opted-in to receive messaging.**  
"Get rich quick" schemes| 

  * **Work-from-home programs**
  * **Risk investment opportunities**
  * **Pyramid schemes**

| **This differs from outreach about employment due to compliant opt-in practices, messages from brokerages to their members, investment news alerts, or other investment-related messages.**  
**Illegal substances**| 

  * **Cannabis (United States)**
  * **CBD (United States)**
  * **Prescription drugs**

| **Cannabis is federally illegal in the United States. Cannabis businesses will not be permitted to use SMS/MMS messaging in the U.S., regardless of message content.****CBD is federally legal but not in some U.S. states, so U.S. carriers do not permit messaging related to CBD.****Offers for drugs that cannot be sold over the counter in the U.S./Canada are forbidden.**  
**Gambling**| 

  * **Casino apps**
  * **Gambling websites**

| **Gambling traffic is prohibited in the U.S. and Canada on all number types (Toll-Free, Short Code, and Long Code).  **  
**"S. H.A.F.T." use cases**| 

  * **Sex**
  * **Hate**
  * **Alcohol**
  * **Firearms**
  * **Tobacco**

| **While Tobacco traffic is prohibited on Toll-Free, it is allowed on Short or Long Code, as long as proper age-gating procedures are in place.****Alcohol traffic is allowed on Toll-Free (U.S. only), Short Code, and Long Code, as long as proper age-gating procedures are in place.****Firearms and Vaping-related traffic are prohibited.**  
  
##   

## **My use case is listed as forbidden. What can I do?**

If your use case is listed above as forbidden for SMS and MMS messaging in the US, you can explore other marketing channels.

Using** [LC Email](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001220605-what-is-lc-email-i-want-to-know-more) **is an option for many of the above use cases. For example, cannabis - or CBD-related messaging may be conducted via email, Facebook, Instagram, etc., as long as you have proper age gating in place and are sending toward recipients in a locale where the substance is legal. 

**  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [US Phone Number Registrations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002380-us-phone-number-registrations)
  * [[A2P Registration] Opt-In Form - Terms and Conditions Guidelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001426--a2p-registration-opt-in-form-terms-and-conditions-guidelines)
  * [A2P 10DLC Brand Approval Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000000508-a2p-10dlc-brand-approval-best-practices)
  * [A2P Sole Proprietor Brands Registration](/support/solutions/articles/155000000340-a2p-sole-proprietor-brands-registration)

## You may like to read -

  * [How do I prevent my messages from being filtered by carriers(30007)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001237726-how-do-i-prevent-my-messages-from-being-filtered-by-carriers-30007-)
  * [A2P 10DLC Campaign Approval Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/48001229784-a2p-10dlc-campaign-approval-best-practices)
  * [LC Phone Pricing Structure](/support/solutions/articles/48001223556-lc-phone-pricing-structure)
  * [Fixing Failed Number Registrations (A2P Local and Toll-Free)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001454-fixing-failed-number-registrations-a2p-local-and-toll-free-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
