Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketplace & Sales Trainings](/support/solutions/48000452144)
  4. [Whitelabel Desktop App](/support/solutions/folders/48000666027)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketplace & Sales Trainings](/support/solutions/48000452144)
     * [Whitelabel Desktop App](/support/solutions/folders/48000666027)
  6. How to Set Up a Whitelabel Domain for the Desktop Web App

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Set Up a Whitelabel Domain for the Desktop Web App

Modified on: Tue, 21 May, 2024 at 4:34 PM

**Why do I need to whitelabel the desktop web app?** By whitelabeling your desktop web app, your customers will be using your domain when logging in and using the app. For example, instead of "app.gohighlevel.com" they would use "app.myawesomedomain.com"

To get started, you'll just need to complete **four easy steps** :

  1. Create a CNAME in your DNS records (typically at your domain provider) pointing to **whitelabel.ludicrous.cloud** for example at GoDaddy it might look like this: (the Host field is the prefix you'd like to use before your domain. It can be anything, but in this example, it is "app," meaning "app.myawesomedomain.com" would point to the HighLevel servers.  

  2. Log into your HighLevel Agency account and enter the subdomain as configured in the previous step. Go to the "Agency View" in the sub-account chooser at the top of the side navigation bar  > "Settings" > "Company" > "Whitelabel Domain". Scroll down and click the "Update Company" button to save.   

        NOTE: If you previously set up your white-label domain and you want to update it to run on whitelabel.ludicrous.cloud, you'll need to first delete the whitelabel domain field using the trash icon, then click Update Company to save, then re-enter your sub-domain into the Whitelabel Domain field and save again. 

  3. Upload your agency logo. Within the "Agency View," go to "Settings" > "Agency Settings" > "Company Logo"
  4. Update your agency Terms & Conditions. Within the "Agency View," go to "Settings" > "Agency Settings" > "Terms & Conditions URL" 
     * Include the full URL to your Terms & Conditions page, which should look something like this: [](https://myawesomedomain)<https://myawesomedomain.com/terms>

Once your DNS record propagates (typically within a few minutes at most), you can access your new domain, for example: "<https://app.myawesomedomain.com>" and you will see your login screen, logo and terms & conditions. 

**Congrats you're done!**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Set Up a Whitelabel Domain for the Desktop Web App](/support/solutions/articles/48000982207-how-to-set-up-a-whitelabel-domain-for-the-desktop-web-app)

## You may like to read -

  * [An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know](/support/solutions/articles/48000982604-an-inside-look-at-agency-company-settings-what-you-need-to-know)
  * [Facebook Troubleshooting - Integration Issues](/support/solutions/articles/48000981698-facebook-troubleshooting-integration-issues)
  * [How to Promote and Customize Your Mobile App: A Comprehensive Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000000089-how-to-promote-and-customize-your-mobile-app-a-comprehensive-guide)
  * [White Label Payment Provider Solution for NMI & Authorize.net](/support/solutions/articles/155000002747-white-label-payment-provider-solution-for-nmi-authorize-net)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
