Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [Account Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666030)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [Account Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666030)
  6. How do I find my Client's Location ID?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How do I find my Client's Location ID?

Modified on: Mon, 29 Jan, 2024 at 12:49 PM

When you interact with our support teams, they may request you to provide a location ID where you face a problem. Location ID is a unique ID given to every sub-account in your agency account. This helps us identify your client's account and narrow down out trouble shooting efforts. 

To locate the location ID please head over to location view -> settings -> business profile and the location ID will be visible as shown below

    Please do not share the location ID outside of your organization. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Business Profile](/support/solutions/articles/48000982605-business-profile)
  * [Call Connect & Missed Call Text-Back](/support/solutions/articles/48001197248-call-connect-missed-call-text-back)
  * [How do I change my Client's Address?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204293-how-do-i-change-my-client-s-address-)
  * [How do I find my Client's Location ID?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204848-how-do-i-find-my-client-s-location-id-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How do I change my Client's Address?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204293-how-do-i-change-my-client-s-address-)
  * [FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002000-faqs)
  * [Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc](/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc)
  * [HighLevel API](/support/solutions/articles/48001060529-highlevel-api)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
