Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  6. How to Preview Blog Post

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Preview Blog Post

Modified on: Thu, 24 Nov, 2022 at 1:11 AM

Your blog post is done and you're ready for the world to see it. Before you do it's always best to preview what it looks like on desktop and mobile.  

In this article, we will cover how to preview your blog post within the builder.

**Please Note:**

    Category, Keywords, Author, and Slug **CANNOT** be updated _after_ the blog has been published. The developers working on a solution which will be released soon

#### 

* * *

#### **Covered in this article:**

#### **What's visible in the preview mode**

#### **Previewing your blog post within the builder**

#### **Viewing mobile or desktop versions in preview mode**

#### 

#### 

* * *

## **What's  visible in the preview mode**

During the preview mode all the hyperlinks, videos, and author details will be clickable.

  * Featured Image from SEO Blog Post
  * Title of Blog Post
  * [Category](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001220289) (if they are added in publish screen)
  * Publish date
  * Read time
  * Content of Blog post
  * Tags (if they are added in publish screen)
  * [Author](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001220290) (if they are added in publish screen)
  * Back to blog button (this will not be functional in preview)

* * *

## **Previewing your blog post within the builder**

Click on the **3 dots** located _in the top right menu_ > This will open up a menu > Select "**Preview Post** "

## **Viewing mobile or desktop versions in preview mode**

In the preview mode, you will have the ability to switch between mobile and desktop screens. Simply click on the button located at the top to switch between the two screens.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Blogs Importer - Get All your Blog Posts](/support/solutions/articles/155000004034-blogs-importer-get-all-your-blog-posts)
  * [Add Blog Post Element in Funnel(s) step or Website(s) page](/support/solutions/articles/155000002776-add-blog-post-element-in-funnel-s-step-or-website-s-page)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
