Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How to import Email Template(s) from ActiveCampaign

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to import Email Template(s) from ActiveCampaign

Modified on: Mon, 3 Oct, 2022 at 7:27 AM

In order to import an email template from Active Campaign, please log in to your ActiveCampaign account before continuing this guide. 

Once you have logged into ActiveCampaign, please follow the steps below ([ActiveCampaign Help Doc](https://help.activecampaign.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000754050-How-to-share-a-campaign-template))

  1. **Click "Campaigns" > "Campaign Templates"** on the left menu.
  2. The Manage Templates page will load and list your custom templates. **Locate** the template you want to share.
  3. Hover your mouse over the template and **click the gear icon** that appears.
  4. **Click the "Share" option**.
  5. A "**Share this template** " modal will appear and display your share link. **Click the link icon** to copy the link.
  6. **Click the "X"** to close the window.

* * *

# **Overview:  **

Importing of email third-party providers like Active Campaign which provides email campaigns and templates. Here's how you can import email from Active Campaign:

**Please Note:**

    Template which will get created will be in Code Editor - HTML type of email.

* * *

## **Preview the Email Campaign/ Template**

1 - Go to **Emails** > **Email Templates**

2 - Click on "Create New Templates" with the option of "Import Template".

[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/48241674902/original/0UHbnXTBwZ49Ky3_dpMvmQRciFNAXNwz9Q.png?1659020449)

## **Follow the steps given information in Active Campaign**

###  Campaign Templates

\- Go to Active Campaign > Campaign Templates

\- Hover the Template, you would like to import

\- click the setting icon > click on Share and copy the campaign URL

### Email Campaign

\- Create campaign, click the dropdown action button of Continue to Save as Template.

1\.  Copy and paste the URL for Active Campaign - Campaign Template/ Campaign  

2\.  Check the preview of the Active Campaign Campaign

3. Click Create Template to Import the Active Campaign Email

* * *

# FAQ

### Do we need emails like Drag and Drop with Import for Active Campaign?

This is our experiment to encourage users to use and share feedback with us. 

### What will be the title of the Email Template?

The user will be required to add the template name after clicking "create template".

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to import HTML Email Templates/ Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215400-how-to-import-html-email-templates-campaigns)
  * [ActiveCampaign to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003296-activecampaign-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [How to Import Email template(s) from Mailchimp](/support/solutions/articles/48001219298-how-to-import-email-template-s-from-mailchimp)
  * [How to Use the Kajabi Email Template Importer](/support/solutions/articles/155000002542-how-to-use-the-kajabi-email-template-importer)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
