Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to connect your Instagram business or creator account...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to connect your Instagram business or creator account with your Facebook account?

Modified on: Thu, 9 May, 2024 at 1:46 PM

To successfully post to the Instagram Business Profile, including direct publishing, your[ Instagram Business profile must be connected to a Facebook Page](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001213003) or Creator Profiles. You don't need to publish to the Page when you use Instagram, but the permissions to manage your Instagram profile are granted to LeadConnector through Facebook. This is a requirement from Facebook (which possesses Instagram).

## **Before you begin**

#### 

    **1) Confirm that your Instagram profile is a Business or Creator profile.** - If you don’t have an Instagram Business or Creator profile, see Convert an Instagram Personal profile to a Business or Creator profile.
    
    **2)****Confirm that you have an Admin or Editor Page role for the Facebook Page if it's a Classic Page type or Facebook access with full or partial control on a New Page type. See the Facebook help article.[How do I see what my role is on a Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/help/510247025775149)?**
    - If the Page is an asset in Facebook Business Manager, you also need management access to the Page in the Business Manager account. See the Facebook help article [Add People to Your Business Manager](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/2169003770027706?id=2190812977867143).

####   

* * *

## **Follow these instructions to connect your Instagram business profile with your Facebook account.  **

  * In a new browser tab, sign in to your Facebook account.
  * On the home page, please click "**Pages,** " located on the top left side of the screen.
  * Select the Facebook page you want to connect to your Instagram business account. 
  * Now, your selected Facebook page will be open. Go to **"Settings"** on the screen's left side. Select Settings at the bottom of the Manage Page menu on the left.

  * Select Instagram from the Page settings menu. And Connect Instagram Business account.

  * Enter your Instagram account credentials (username and password) and then select **login.**
  * Now, your Instagram business profile is linked to your Facebook account. If you'd like to integrate your Instagram Business Profile with Marketing > Social Planner > Settings  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Instagram Reels Publishing Guide for the Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000000441-instagram-reels-publishing-guide-for-the-social-planner)
  * [Instagram Direct Messages (DMs)](/support/solutions/articles/48001190003-instagram-direct-messages-dms-)
  * [How to check your Instagram profile type](/support/solutions/articles/48001213005-how-to-check-your-instagram-profile-type)
  * [How to connect Instagram Business account with Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001213062-how-to-connect-instagram-business-account-with-social-planner)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
