Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. Different Email Sending/ Delivery Method(s) - Send Now, S...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Different Email Sending/ Delivery Method(s) - Send Now, Schedule, Batch, RSS Schedule

Modified on: Thu, 10 Oct, 2024 at 1:36 PM

There are 4 primary ways to send or deliver emails in the system. In this article we will discuss the main differences between:

#### 1\. Send Now

#### 2\. Schedule

#### 3\. Batch Schedule 

#### 4\. RSS Schedule

# 

# **Email Delivery Method Breakdown**

## **Send Now**

Create an email campaign for your audience that will be delivered according to the location time zone.

**[(Setup Documentation)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001215263)**

## **Schedule  **

Create an email campaign for your audience which goes out at a specific time and date according to the location time zone.  

**[(Setup Documentation)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001215263)**

**Batch Schedule  **

Create an email campaign for your audience that gets delivered in different batches at specific times and dates according to the location time zone. For example, if there are 1000 contacts and the batch quantity is set for 10, it will get delivered in 10 batches of 100 emails each.

[**(Setup Documentation)**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001215379)

## **RSS Schedule**

Create an email campaign with RSS elements for your audience and it will get delivered at the scheduled time and date according to the location time zone with the updates on the RSS feed like new blog posts or product updates etc.

[**(Setup Documentation)**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001201780)

****  

| **Create/Delete**| **Schedule**| **Edit  **| **Test Email/Preview**  
---|---|---|---|---  
**Send Now**|  yes| no| no| yes  
**Schedule**|  yes| yes| yes, you can edit the time and date of delivery before one hour of the designated schedule. | yes  
**Batch Schedule**|  yes| yes| yes, you can edit the time and date of delivery before one hour of the designated schedule. You can also edit the content of the email during the Batch schedule is going on. | yes  
**RSS Schedule**|  yes| yes| yes, you can edit the time and date of delivery before one hour of the designated schedule. You can also edit the content of the email during the Batch schedule is going on. | yes  
  
#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Reschedule an Email Campaign (Email Builder)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215389-how-to-reschedule-an-email-campaign-email-builder-)
  * [How to change the Content of An Ongoing Email Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/48001215387-how-to-change-the-content-of-an-ongoing-email-campaign)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
