Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. How to fix Error while displaying webpage after a purchase

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to fix Error while displaying webpage after a purchase

Modified on: Wed, 30 Mar, 2022 at 7:10 AM

If you're getting the error:

"Order successfully placed!

However, Something went wrong while displaying this webpage, please contact the seller."

**Here's how to fix:**

This error is shown because the order form tries to send the customer to the next page in the funnel / website, but there is no next page to display. You can add a next page to fix this issue, or change the redirect action on the order form settings.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Reputation Management - Customizing & Displaying the Review Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48001222766-reputation-management-customizing-displaying-the-review-widget)
  * [How to Create a Customizable 404 Error Page](/support/solutions/articles/48001239647-how-to-create-a-customizable-404-error-page)
  * [Resolution of Figerprint Issue in Order form on Wordpress](/support/solutions/articles/155000001549-resolution-of-figerprint-issue-in-order-form-on-wordpress)
  * [Conversation AI: Audit, Review, and Edit Crawled Website Data](/support/solutions/articles/155000003215-conversation-ai-audit-review-and-edit-crawled-website-data)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
