Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Troubleshooting Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000689)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Troubleshooting Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000689)
  6. How to Re-Integrate Google Calendar for a User

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Re-Integrate Google Calendar for a User

Modified on: Fri, 4 Oct, 2024 at 10:48 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Step 1: Navigate to My Profile Section
  * Step 2: Delete Google Calendar
  * Step 3: Re-Integrate Google Account
  * Step 4: Navigate Back to My Profile
  * Step 5: Add Linked Calendar
  * Step 6: Configure Advanced Settings (optional)
  * Step 7: Configure Calendar Conflicts (optional)
  * Step 8: Test and Confirm
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Related Articles

* * *

The only way to re-integrate a user's Google account with a calendar is by asking the user associated with the calendar to login and follow the steps detailed below.

    **IMPORTANT:** You cannot use the "login as" feature since connecting a Google account needs to be done by the user that owns that Google account.

# **Step 1: Navigate to My Profile Section**

Navigate to the My Profile section in the sub-account settings **(SETTINGS - > MY PROFILE)**.

* * *

# **Step 2: Delete Google Calendar**

Scroll down until you see the **CALENDAR SETTINGS**. Since the user is attempting to re-integrate their account due to syncing issues, there should already be an account shown in the calendar settings.

    If you don't see a Google account connected to the calendar settings, click here to jump to step 3 you can still follow these steps to integrate a Google account so that your Google calendar is fully integrated with your sub-account and calendars.

* * *

# **Step 3: Re-Integrate Google Account**

Once you've deleted the Google calendar associated with your profile, begin the process of re-integrating your Google account by clicking the **"+ Add New"** button in the Calendar Settings area.

Once clicked, you will see a popup like the one below. You will have the option to connect multiple different calendars from different providers such as Google, Outlook (Microsoft), and iCloud (Apple).

Since we are specifically trying to re-connect a Google calendar, we are going to click the **"Connect"** button to the right of the Google Calendar option.

Clicking the **"Connect"** button for Google calendar will navigate you to the "Integrations" section in your sub-account settings. Here you will need to re-connect your Google account (email) with your sub-account.

**Click the "Sign In with Google" button to continue the integration process.**

You will be asked to give Lead Connector permissions to do various things associated with your Google account. Simply click the "Allow" button to continue.

    **IMPORTANT:** Giving access to Lead Connector is required to connect your Google account to your sub-account.

Once you've connected your Google account, you will see your Google account in the **"Integrations"** section of your sub-account settings, and there will be a large green button that reads **"Connected"**.

Now that you've confirmed your Google account is connected, you can continue to the next step in the process.

* * *

# **Step 4: Navigate Back to My Profile**

After connecting your Google account, navigate back to the **"My Profile"** section in your sub-account settings. Scroll down to the **"Calendar Settings"** and you should now see your Google account in the **"Connected Calendars"** area with a green checkmark next to it just like in the picture below.

* * *

# **Step 5: Add Linked Calendar**

To make sure that your scheduled calendar bookings appear on your Google calendar, you will need to add a **"Linked Calendar"**. Simply click the **"Add"** button the right of the **"Linked Calendar"** setting as shown below.

Next you will see a popup appear on your screen letting you know that you are about to link your calendar with all new events created from the system. These events will be linked to the calendar of the Google account you have connected to your sub-account.

**By default, the selected setting is set to "Do not add new events to my calendar".**

You want to change this so that booked appointments show up in your calendar, so make sure to select the calendar you want to link from the list shown below.

After you've selected the calendar(s) you want to link to new system events, click the **"Save"** button to continue.

Once you save, you will see the system start processing your request. This may take some time depending on your internet connection and the speed of your computer, but usually is very quick (Less than 1 minute).

* * *

# **Step 6: Configure Advanced Settings (optional)**

If you wish to change the way your calendar syncs events, you have the option to choose either **"One-way Sync"** or **"Two-way Sync****"**. This is found in the **"Advanced Settings"** area. Click the button shown below to configure advanced calendar settings.

### **1\. One-way Sync (default sync)  ****(Recommended)**

Events from the linked calendar are synced as blocked slots, and no contacts are created for the guests.

### **2\. Two-way Sync**

Contacts are created for guests found in linked calendar events, and these events are turned into system appointments.

* * *

# **Step 7: Configure Calendar Conflicts (optional)**

If you want your calendar to look at other calendars or calendar events to see if there are any conflicts when attempting to book appointments, you want to configure the **"Conflict Calendars"** setting.

Click the **"Edit"** button to adjust this setting.

Once you click the "Edit" button, you will see a popup that shows all the different events that will be checked for conflicts. These events are referenced when the system is determining your availability when prospects and customers are attempting to book appointments.

# **Step 8: Test and Confirm**

After you finish Step 7, make sure you test your Google calendar to make sure the syncing process works the way it should. To test and confirm, you can follow the steps outlined below:

  1. **Go to Calendar Settings and edit a calendar:**  
This should be a calendar that you can safely use to test with. If you do not have any calendars that you can use for testing, create a test calendar.  

  2. **Add your user to the calendar:**  
This should be the user that just re-connected their Google account) to this calendar.  

  3. **Save calendar settings and open your calendar:**  
Make sure you save your settings before exiting the calendar settings. Next open the test calendar in your web browser of choice.  

  4. **Book an appointment:**  
Go through the booking process with the test calendar.  

  5. **Check your Google calendar:**  
Check your Google calendar AND your calendar inside your sub-account (in the Appointments tab) to make sure your test appointment was successfully scheduled.

    **After testing, if you are still experiencing issues, please contact customer support for further assistance.**

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

Currently no frequently asked questions. Submit feedback on this article to help is add questions to this section!

* * *

# **Related Articles**

  * [How To Connect Your Google Calendar](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002369)
  * [Calendar Configuration - Linked Calendar & Calendar Conflicts](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002374)
  * [Calendar Configuration - Primary Calendar & Check for Conflicts](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002263)
  * [Calendar Sync Options Explained](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000989188)
  * [How to Connect Your Outlook Calendar](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002371)
  * [How to Sync HighLevel Calendars to Outlook](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001188796)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Google Calendar Writer Access Error](/support/solutions/articles/48001064575-google-calendar-writer-access-error)
  * [What to do if the calendar says No slot available this month](/support/solutions/articles/48001180921-what-to-do-if-the-calendar-says-no-slot-available-this-month)
  * [How to Re-Integrate Google Calendar for a User](/support/solutions/articles/48001181302-how-to-re-integrate-google-calendar-for-a-user)
  * [Appointment timeslots that should showing but they are not / should not showing but they should be](/support/solutions/articles/48001181711-appointment-timeslots-that-should-showing-but-they-are-not-should-not-showing-but-they-should-be)

## You may like to read -

  * [Google - How to Integrate Google with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002369-google-how-to-integrate-google-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [Setting Up Linked Calendars & Conflict Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002374-setting-up-linked-calendars-conflict-calendars)
  * [Why Google calendar integration breaks and how to fix it](/support/solutions/articles/48001204159-why-google-calendar-integration-breaks-and-how-to-fix-it)
  * [How to sync HighLevel Calendars With Outlook](/support/solutions/articles/48001188796-how-to-sync-highlevel-calendars-with-outlook)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
