Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. How To Redirect HighLevel Domains (www to non-www)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How To Redirect HighLevel Domains (www to non-www)

Modified on: Thu, 3 Mar, 2022 at 1:34 PM

**_*Note  _**_for those using**GoDaddy** , **Namecheap** , etc..._

Redirecting with path is only possible with Cloudflare and Google Domains. It will **not** work with other domain registrars like GoDaddy, Namecheap, etc.

If you are using GoDaddy or Name Cheap or etc… you will need to transfer the domain over to Cloudflare, since the redirect option to forward the domain along with the path is not provided by GoDaddy.

Here are help articles which should help you with the transfer:  
Transfer to Cloudflare: <https://developers.cloudflare.com/registrar/get-started/transfer-domain-to-cloudflare>

Transfer to Google Domains: <https://support.google.com/domains/answer/9003139?hl=en>

_**Google Domains:**_

To set up the redirect watch this video:

_**Cloudflare** :_

To set up the redirect watch this video:

Steps for cloudflare redirect:

**www to non-www:**

  1. Add CNAME record for www pointing to flash.funnels.msgsndr.com and keep the Proxy Status "**Proxied** "
  2. Add A record for the non-www domain pointing to 34.68.234.4 and keep the Proxy Status "**DNS Only** "
  3. Add a Page Rule for the URL [www.yourdomain.com/*](http://www.yourdomain.com/*)
  4. Pick the setting Forwarding URL --> 301 - Permanent Redirect
  5. In the destination URL, add <https://yourdomain.com/$1>
  6. Go to GHL and connect **non-www** domain to the funnel

**non-www to www:**

  1. Add CNAME record for www pointing to flash.funnels.msgsndr.com and keep the Proxy Status "**DNS Only** "
  2. Add A record for the non-www domain pointing to 34.68.234.4 and keep the Proxy Status "**Proxied** "
  3. Add a Page Rule for the URL yourdomain.com/*
  4. Pick the setting Forwarding URL --> 301 - Permanent Redirect
  5. In the destination URL, add <https://www.yourdomain.com/$1>
  6. Go to GHL and connect **www  **domain to the funnel

# **Troubleshooting**

**Q1: I'm keep getting Funnel Error Code 500 - _Failed to execute 'appendchild' on 'node'. This node type does not support this method,_ what should I do?**

### [](https://app.tango.us/app/workflow/c4ebf6f2-19be-4388-aa1a-5ea762555993?utm_source=magicCopy&utm_medium=magicCopy&utm_campaign=referral%20link%20tracking)1\. [Login to Cloudflare](https://dash.cloudflare.com)

### 2\. Click on your domain where you are seeing the 500 error code

### 3\. Click on DNS tab within the left menu

### 4\. Click on Edit

### 5\. Uncheck Proxy status

### 6\. Click on Save

[](https://app.tango.us/app/workflow/c4ebf6f2-19be-4388-aa1a-5ea762555993?utm_source=magicCopy&utm_medium=magicCopy&utm_campaign=referral%20link%20tracking)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [301 Redirects For Domains](/support/solutions/articles/48001202713-301-redirects-for-domains)
  * [How to set up Root Domain/Subdomain for your Funnels/Websites?](/support/solutions/articles/48001153720-how-to-set-up-root-domain-subdomain-for-your-funnels-websites-)
  * [Troubleshooting Login issues](/support/solutions/articles/48001207047-troubleshooting-login-issues)
  * [Typeform to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003331-typeform-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
