Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. How to import a Funnel From ClickFunnels?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to import a Funnel From ClickFunnels?

Modified on: Tue, 22 Oct, 2024 at 7:09 PM

The ClickFunnels to GoHighLevel importer is useful for individuals or businesses looking to switch from ClickFunnels to GoHighLevel and want to migrate their existing funnels and pages without rebuilding them from scratch. It could save significant time and effort, particularly for those with many funnels or pages to transfer.  

**Please Note:**

    - This imported will work for both **ClickFunnels 1.0 & ClickFunnels 2.0 Funnels.**  
      
    - Please ensure that you utilize the publishable (live) link, and **not** the shareable click funnel link. It's essential to import one Funnel Step at a time from ClickFunnels for a seamless experience.

* * *

#### **Covered in this Article**

#### **How to import a click funnel page into the high-level funnel builder? **

#### Step 1: Access the template list view

#### Step 2: Click on funnels

#### Step 3: Create a new funnel  

#### Step 4: New step

* * *

# **How to import a click funnel page into the high-level funnel builder?  **

  * Step 1: Click on Sites 
  * Step 2: Click on Funnels
  * Step 3: Click on "New Funnel"
  * Step 4: Click on "Add a new step

###   
**Step 1: Access the template list view**

  * Explain the relevant actions to be performed.

###   
** **

  * The click funnel import will only work within funnels.

###   
**Step 3: Create a new funnel  **

  * Explain the actions under this step.  

  * Add the name and click "Create funnel."  

### **Step 4: New step**

  * Click on "Add new step."   

  * Add the name for the page, path, and Clickfunnels link, mark the confirm checkbox, and click "create funnel step."  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Converting funnels and websites with the new import feature](/support/solutions/articles/48001209319-converting-funnels-and-websites-with-the-new-import-feature)
  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [Save, Draft and Publish Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/articles/155000001913-save-draft-and-publish-funnels-and-websites)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
