Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  6. Troubleshooting when Conversations are glitching

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Troubleshooting when Conversations are glitching

Modified on: Mon, 20 Feb, 2023 at 12:53 PM

Here are different scenarios to explain how conversations could appear as glitching:

  * Why there are incoming calls from different people all being attributed to the same number (e.g. +266696687)?
  * Why you are seeing replies in separate conversations

## Why there are incoming calls from different people all being attributed to the same number (e.g. +266696687)?

When Calls from multiple contacts are merging into a single contact/conversation, it is because the leads are calling **anonymously**.

More information: [Why am I getting calls from these strange numbers?](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223179988-Why-am-I-getting-calls-from-these-strange-numbers-)

## Why you are seeing replies in separate conversations

If you notice that there are multiple conversations going on about the same topic, it is because your Twilio number is added to a group conversation.

Right now we don't support group Group Texting/ Group SMS, please vote up here so we can enable the ability to text in a group:

[](https://ideas.gohighlevel.com/ideas/HIGHLVL-I-1642)<https://ideas.gohighlevel.com/lcphonesystem/p/group-texting-group-sms>

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [SMS Contains Pieces of Code](/support/solutions/articles/48000979914-sms-contains-pieces-of-code)
  * [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152123-sms-still-coming-from-old-twilio-number-when-i-got-a-new-one-)
  * [Incoming SMS only shows up in Conversation / not forwarding to the forwarding number](/support/solutions/articles/48001156789-incoming-sms-only-shows-up-in-conversation-not-forwarding-to-the-forwarding-number)

## You may like to read -

  * [When email replies are not showing up in Conversation](/support/solutions/articles/48001185819-when-email-replies-are-not-showing-up-in-conversation)
  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)
  * [WhatsApp: Customer Service Window Check](/support/solutions/articles/155000003235-whatsapp-customer-service-window-check)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
