Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  6. SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts

Modified on: Mon, 19 Aug, 2024 at 2:16 PM

Troubleshooting SMS delivery failures can be stressful. In this help doc, we will explore all the possible reasons why an SMS sending or delivery might fail and provide corresponding troubleshooting steps.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How does SMS delivery work?
  * Where can I find Sending/Delivery errors in HighLevel?
  * Possible reasons for failure
    * At the HighLevel layer
    * At the Twilio/LC Phone Layer
    * At Sender Carrier Network Layer
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Related Articles

# **How does SMS delivery work?**

When an SMS is sent from the HighLevel platform, it goes through various steps that can be illustrated as follows:

As you may have noticed, an SMS that you send to a contact goes through multiple layers. If there is a failed sending or delivery, it could indicate an error or filter at any of the mentioned layers.

# **Where can I find Sending/Delivery errors in HighLevel?**

In most cases, when an SMS fails to send or deliver, we display an error in the conversation view that appears like this:

The error message and error code will provide you with clues about what is going wrong and how to proceed from there.

# **Possible reasons for failure**

## At the HighLevel layer:

### **1\. DND is enabled**

When DND is enabled for a contact on the SMS channel or overall, HighLevel doesn't send the SMS and displays an error in the conversation screen.

Related help doc - [DoNotDisturb (DND Split)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001214849)

### **2\. Number is a landline number (Number validation)**

When number validation is enabled, HighLevel checks if the contact's phone number is SMS-capable before attempting to send the SMS. If the number is not SMS-capable, HighLevel skips sending the SMS and shows an error in the conversations screen.

Related help doc - [SMS / Phone number Validation is LIVE](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001153968)

### **3\. Sub-Account is new and undergoing ramped sending**

For newly created sub-accounts, HighLevel gradually increases the sending limits to prevent spamming or phishing. Agencies can choose to remove these restrictions if desired.

Related help doc - [LC - Phone Messaging Policy](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001213941) (See 1. Ramp-Up Model: section)

### **4\. Sub-Account has exhausted the daily quota set by the agency**

Agencies can set a daily limit on SMS sending for each sub-account. When the limit is reached, HighLevel skips sending SMS in bulk actions and automations. However, 1:1 SMS messages are still sent to allow clients to reply to their leads. Agencies have control over these limits for each sub-account.

Related help doc - [LC - Phone Messaging Policy](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001213941) (See How to update the limit for a sub-account? section)

### **5\. Sub-Account SMS sending privileges have been suspended due to a high error rate, opt-out rate, or carrier complaint rate**

HighLevel monitors error rates, opt-out rates, and carrier complaint rates for all sub-accounts to prevent spamming and phishing. If any of these thresholds are exceeded, SMS sending privileges for the sub-account are suspended for a certain period. Any attempted SMS sending during this time will be skipped, and an error message will be displayed on the conversation screen.

Related help doc - [Best Practices for SMS deliverability and Avoiding SMS Restrictions](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000000079)

## At the Twilio/LC Phone Layer:

### **1\. Number is on Twilio's DND list due to a previous opt-out or carrier complaint.**

If the contact's number opted out from the Twilio number before, SMS will not be delivered unless the contact opted in by texting START to the Twilio number.

### **2\. 30001 - Queue overflow**

Twilio queues messages based on the sending rate of the sender or account. Messages can only be queued for up to 4 hours before they automatically fail. The queue length limit can be reduced by setting a lower Validity Period within your Messaging Service settings or API requests.

### **3\. 30002 - Sub-Account suspended on the Twilio side**

If your Twilio sub-account is suspended between the time of message send and delivery, please contact Twilio or HighLevel Support (LC Phone). This failure occurs when your account was suspended after the message was queued but before it was sent by Twilio.

###   

## At Sender Carrier Network Layer

### **1\. 30003 - Unreachable destination handset**

  * The destination handset you are trying to reach is switched off or otherwise unavailable.
  * The device you are trying to reach does not have sufficient signal
  * The device cannot receive SMS (for example, the phone number belongs to a landline)
  * There is an issue with the mobile carrier

### **2\. 30004 - Message blocked**

  * The destination number you are trying to reach is blocked from receiving this message.
  * The device you are trying to reach does not have sufficient signal.
  * The device cannot receive SMS (for example, the phone number belongs to a landline).
  * The destination number is on India's national Do Not Call registry.
  * There is an issue with the mobile carrier.
  * You have sent a message from a US/CA Toll-free number to an end user handset that has previously responded with "STOP" or another opt-out keyword.

3\. [**Attachment file size exceeded**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001208913)

4\. [**Geo permission issues**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000981435) for international SMS

5\. The body**  exceeds the limit of 1600 characters**

  * ****If you are using a trigger to send sms. Check the body of the message. Also, check to see if there is a custom value of {{message.body}}**  
**
    * **For example, if someone replies via email and their email exceed the limit of 1600 characters, the message will not send if you have the custom value {{message.body}}**
    * 

For more information on why a particular sms failed, check out [How to check logs for a specific text message in Twilio](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222601)

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

### Why am I being charged for SMS messages that failed to deliver?

Charges will apply to SMS messages where delivery was attempted.  

* * *

# **Related Articles**

  * [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002369)[Best Practices for SMS deliverability and Avoiding SMS Restrictions](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000000079)
  * [LC - Phone Messaging Policy](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001213941)
  * [SMS / Phone number Validation](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001153968)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [SMS Contains Pieces of Code](/support/solutions/articles/48000979914-sms-contains-pieces-of-code)
  * [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152123-sms-still-coming-from-old-twilio-number-when-i-got-a-new-one-)
  * [Incoming SMS only shows up in Conversation / not forwarding to the forwarding number](/support/solutions/articles/48001156789-incoming-sms-only-shows-up-in-conversation-not-forwarding-to-the-forwarding-number)

## You may like to read -

  * [How-to attach Custom Values (MMS) to SMS messages in workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001218845-how-to-attach-custom-values-mms-to-sms-messages-in-workflows)
  * [Twilio Error 21610 "The message from/to pair violates a blacklist rule" when sending SMS](/support/solutions/articles/48001186075-twilio-error-21610-the-message-from-to-pair-violates-a-blacklist-rule-when-sending-sms)
  * [LC - Phone Messaging Policy](/support/solutions/articles/48001213941-lc-phone-messaging-policy)
  * [Guide To Bulk SMS: Send Messages People Actually Want To Receive](/support/solutions/articles/155000002100-guide-to-bulk-sms-send-messages-people-actually-want-to-receive)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
