Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Mobile App](/support/solutions/48000455168)
  4. [Whitelabel Mobile App](/support/solutions/folders/48000666028)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Mobile App](/support/solutions/48000455168)
     * [Whitelabel Mobile App](/support/solutions/folders/48000666028)
  6. White Label the Android App

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# White Label the Android App

Modified on: Mon, 6 Sep, 2021 at 9:59 PM

### **Please ensure you have purchased the White Label Mobile App Service ($497/month) from the Marketplace before you start the process in this article.**

[](https://app.gohighlevel.com/marketplace/detail/ItpFPfVrlnRfHzIz3gap)<https://app.gohighlevel.com/marketplace>

It's necessary to register for a Google Developer account in order to upload Android apps. Your Developer account is where you'll submit, as well as manage your apps. It costs a one-time fee of $25.

We recommend setting up a second Google account for this purpose, so you can separate it from your other Google services (Gmail, Google Drive, Google+, etc.) if you already have a personal account.

How-To:

1\. Register for an Android Develop account [here](https://developer.android.com/distribute/console/). You'll need to log into the Google account you'd like to use.

2\. You'll be taken through a 4-step registration process. Check the agreement box and click Continue to payment.

3\. Next, a pop-up window will prompt you to input your billing information. After you've filled it out, click Pay.

4\. Finally, complete your account info. You should receive a confirmation email after you've finished!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [White Label the iPhone App](/support/solutions/articles/48000982208-white-label-the-iphone-app)
  * [White Label the Android App](/support/solutions/articles/48000982209-white-label-the-android-app)
  * [How to Promote and Customize Your Mobile App: A Comprehensive Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000000089-how-to-promote-and-customize-your-mobile-app-a-comprehensive-guide)

## You may like to read -

  * [Configure Marketplace App Listing Type](/support/solutions/articles/155000001559-configure-marketplace-app-listing-type)
  * [Facebook Troubleshooting - Integration Issues](/support/solutions/articles/48000981698-facebook-troubleshooting-integration-issues)
  * [How to Set Up a Whitelabel Domain for the Desktop Web App](/support/solutions/articles/48000982207-how-to-set-up-a-whitelabel-domain-for-the-desktop-web-app)
  * [How to Promote and Customize Your Mobile App: A Comprehensive Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000000089-how-to-promote-and-customize-your-mobile-app-a-comprehensive-guide)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
