Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Notifications](/support/solutions/48000449600)
  4. [Notifications](/support/solutions/folders/48000666472)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Notifications](/support/solutions/48000449600)
     * [Notifications](/support/solutions/folders/48000666472)
  6. How to set up Custom Notifications as a User in a Sub-Acc...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to set up Custom Notifications as a User in a Sub-Account

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 5:19 PM

The Notification Manager feature allows users to be notified across different channels about important actions & information. This feature was primarily introduced to reduce noise. It provides a preference to users to choose which notifications they want to receive.

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### **How to use the Notification Manager feature?**

#### **Notification Channels:**

  * #### Web

  * #### Desktop notification

  * #### Mobile application (Standard app, LeadConnector App, Whitelabelled App)

  * #### Email: 

####   
**Notification Click-to-Redirect:**

#### **  
****FAQ**

####   

#### How does the mark all as read button in the notifications panel work now?

#### How many notifications can I scroll through before it needs to load again?

#### What is the Clear All notification step do?

#### What happens to notifications if:

#### Sub account gets deleted:

#### The user gets deleted from the Sub Account only:

#### The user gets deleted from the Agency level

* * *

## **How to use the Notification Manager feature?**

Users should be able to set their notification preference inside the **Profile** tab in **Settings** and receive notifications based on that via different channels. Clicking on a notification, the user is redirected to the screen to which the notification was sent.

**Please Note:**

    A user does need to be added to a sub account to receive the notifications generated through this feature. If they have only assigned data permissions turned on, they cannot be notified about leads not assigned to them.

### **How to Add Users on a Sub-account**

1\. Under Agency Settings, look for _**Team**_.

2\. Select the _**Pencil Icon**_ right next to the name of the User.

3\. Under **_Roles & Permissions_**, look for **_Sub-accounts_**.

4\. On the **_Add Sub-accounts_** option, look for the Sub-account where you want the notification options to show and add it under that user's list of sub-accounts.

5\. Scroll all the way down and click on **_Save_** after. Once done, go back to the sub-account and go to **_Settings_**. Look for **_My Profile_** and you'll see the Notification options from there.

##   

* * *

## **Notification Channels:**

Notifications can be sent via the following channels:

### **Web**

A user can receive notifications within the desktop platform. By default, all notifications will be sent here.

###   
**Desktop notification**

Users can receive notifications when they are outside the CRM. They need to ensure that the CRM's website can push desktop notifications in the browser settings.

**Please Note:**

    Here is how to manage browser notifications for various browsers:  
      
    **Chrome:**[https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/3220216?hl=en&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/3220216?hl=en&co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop)  
    **Microsoft Edge:**<https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/manage-website-notifications-in-microsoft-edge-0c555609-5bf2-479d-a59d-fb30a0b80b2b>  
    **Safari:[](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri40734/mac)**[](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri40734/mac)<https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri40734/mac>  
    **Firefox:  **<https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/push-notifications-firefox>

### **Mobile application (Standard app, LeadConnector App, Whitelabelled App)**

Users can receive notifications in mobile applications. All notifications will be sent here if Web app notifications are enabled by default.  
  
**Please Note**

    For Mobile App Push Notifications, app permissions for notifications must be granted in Mobile Settings.  
      
    Android: [https://support.google.com/android/answer/9431959?hl=en](https://support.google.com/android/answer/9431959?hl=en​)  
    iOS: <https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/iphone/iph251e92810/ios>

### **Email:  **

Users can receive notifications via email if Email is supported and marked as the chosen Notification channel

* * *

## **Notification Click-to-Redirect:**

##   

When a notification pops up on the web app you are able to click it to get redirected to the origin of that notification as explained [here](https://www.loom.com/share/cf12bedff5794848b3116ecb850ecdaf?t=161)  
  
This table explains how the redirect feature is meant to work:

Serial#| Category| Notification type| Available for| Channels Supported| Redirect To  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| Conversations| Notification for all new conversations and messages initiated with the account| Admin & Users| Web, Desktop, Mobile| Sub Account > Conversations > Conversation tile  
2| Conversations| Notification when a conversation gets assigned to me| Admin & Users| Web, Desktop, Mobile| Sub Account> Conversations > Conversation tile  
3| Conversations| Notification for new messages on a conversation I am assigned to| Admin & Users| Web, Desktop, Mobile| Sub Account> Conversations > Conversation tile > Message  
4| Task| Notification when a task gets assigned to me| Admin & Users| Web, Desktop, Mobile| Sub Account> Contacts > Tasks  
5| Task| Get a reminder <X> mins/hours/days before an upcoming task (assigned to me)| Admin & Users| Web, Desktop, Mobile| Sub Account> Tasks  
6| Task| Send a daily summary of due tasks at HH:MM  
| Admin & Users  
| Web, Desktop, Mobile  
| Sub Account> Tasks  
  
7| Task| Send a daily summary of overdue tasks at HH:MM  
| Admin & Users  
| Web, Desktop, Mobile  
| Sub Account> Tasks  
  
6| Calendar| Notification for all new appointments booked with the account| Admin & User| Web, Desktop, Mobile, Email| Sub Account > Calendars  
7| Calendar| Notification when a new appointment gets assigned to me| Admin & Users| Web, Desktop, Mobile, Email| Sub Account> Calendars  
  
8| Calendar| Get a reminder “15/30/45/60” mins before an upcoming appointment (assigned to me)| Admin & Users| Web, Desktop, Mobile| Sub Account> Calendars  
  
9| WordPress| Notification when new WordPress service is purchased| Admin| Email| NA  
10| Facebook| Notification when a new review is received| Admin & Users (TBC)| Web, Mobile (existing)| Sub Account> Conversations > Conversation tile  
11| Google| Notify when a new review is received| Admin & Users (TBC)| Web, Mobile (existing)| Sub Account> Conversations > Conversation tile  

##   

* * *

# **FAQ**

### **How does the mark all as read button in the notifications panel work now?**

It changes the status of all the notifications from unread to read

****

###   
**How many notifications can I scroll through before it needs to load again?**

You can scroll through 25 records before the notification panel loads the next 25.

###   
**What is the Clear All notification step do?**

It clears out all notification records fetched for the user (who is logged in at that time when clicking the button) at the page level. If there are further notifications for the user after the button is clicked, we will populate those after the clear-all process. **These cleared notifications cannot be restored.**

### ****  

###   
**What happens to notifications if:**

### **Sub account gets deleted:**

If a sub-account is deleted, users connected with it will stop receiving notifications from this sub-account. They will continue to receive notifications from other sub-accounts if they are added elsewhere as users.

###   
**The user gets deleted from the Sub Account only:**

 If a user is deleted from the sub-account, the system will stop sending notifications for the account to them. However, the user will receive notifications for other sub-accounts with which he/she is still connected. 

### **The user gets deleted from the Agency level.**

 If a user is deleted at the agency level, the system will stop sending notifications to the user for all sub-accounts.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Activate Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/48000982596-activate-notifications)
  * [Sales & Use Tax FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001219101-sales-use-tax-faq)
  * [How to set up Custom Notifications as a User in a Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001224427-how-to-set-up-custom-notifications-as-a-user-in-a-sub-account)

## You may like to read -

  * [Email & In-App Appointment Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000003441-email-in-app-appointment-notifications)
  * [Action - Internal notification](/support/solutions/articles/155000003202-action-internal-notification)
  * [Customize Email and SMS notifications for invoicing](/support/solutions/articles/48001236926-customize-email-and-sms-notifications-for-invoicing)
  * [Email Notifications in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000001640-email-notifications-in-forms-and-surveys)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
