Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [AI Appointment Booking Bot](/support/solutions/folders/48000685924)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [AI Appointment Booking Bot](/support/solutions/folders/48000685924)
  6. AI Conversational Appointment Booking Workflow and Setup

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# AI Conversational Appointment Booking Workflow and Setup

Modified on: Tue, 21 Jun, 2022 at 3:38 PM

### The following is a step-by-step guide on how to set up your own AI Conversational Appointment booking bot within a workflow.

* * *

## 1\. Create Workflow

Add a trigger with customer Replied (or any other trigger)

## 2\. Select the AI appointment bot in the workflow options

Create action for the appointment bot with the desired calendar  
  
Set the "Total bot processing duration" -This is how long before the bot will time out if there are no replies from the contact.

## 3\. The AI conversation will end in one of the three ways.

**1\. The bot successfully books the appointment**

**2\. Bot timed out:  **The appointment was _not_ booked as the lead didn't respond to the prompts by the bot.

**3.** **Appointment could not be booked for other reasons,** \- no suitable slot, the bot could not understand the query or other technical issues.

## 4\. Create a condition if the bot booked an appointment. 

## 5\. Create a message or any action for the appointment booked condition

## 6\. Secondary condition if the appointment is not booked due to bot timeout 

Here we want to know if the appointment was not booked because the bot timed out or for some other reason. 

Common reasons could be that no slots were available or the bot failed to understand the conversation. 

###   

###   

## 7\. Third Condition - Appointment not booked for any other reason.

Configure appropriate actions for bot failures for any other reason. If you have Eliza Agent Platform Subscription, you can send the lead over there to continue the lead nurture. 

[](https://app.tango.us/app/workflow/b9d308b3-1e9a-44f8-a259-7f23906a05aa?utm_source=magicCopy&utm_medium=magicCopy&utm_campaign=workflow%20export%20links)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [AI Conversational Appointment Booking Workflow and Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48001216782-ai-conversational-appointment-booking-workflow-and-setup)
  * [Appointment Booking Conversation AI Workflow Action](/support/solutions/articles/155000003467-appointment-booking-conversation-ai-workflow-action)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Appointment Booking Conversation AI Booking Bot](/support/solutions/articles/155000003363-workflow-action-appointment-booking-conversation-ai-booking-bot)
  * [Conversation AI Post-Appointment Booking Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000003421-conversation-ai-post-appointment-booking-actions)
  * [Appointment Booking Conversation AI Workflow Action](/support/solutions/articles/155000003467-appointment-booking-conversation-ai-workflow-action)
  * [Conversation AI Bot - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000001335-conversation-ai-bot-explained)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
