Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  6. Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts

Modified on: Tue, 27 Aug, 2024 at 12:24 PM

To help sub-accounts comply with local phone number regulations and minimize the risk of disruption to your phone system, we maintain an up-to-date, country-by-country guide on phone number regulatory requirements.

Local regulations often require providing adequate identity documentation to carriers or a local enforcement agency. _To avoid urgent escalations from regulators, we urge you to provide the required information for each country._

In this article, we will cover how and where to achieve this in-app

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Step 1. Head into the Sub-account > Click Settings (bottom left menu) > Phone numbers > Regulatory Bundle/Address
  * Step 2. On the top right click on Create to create regulatory bundle/address for the sub-account:
  * Step 3. Once all the information is submitted, we will coordinate and get the regulatory bundle approved.
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Related articles

* * *

Automated Regulatory Bundle and Address creation:

Introduced a new optimized flow for Regulatory Bundle/Address creation and management.  

Regulatory Bundle/Address in the Phone Numbers Page at a sub-account level (only visible to accounts who are on LC Phone), this will be visible to Agency and sub-account admins.

The agency and sub-account will be able to create the bundle/address from our UI and directly submit it to the Telephony partner without any wait time. 

  * With this, they will also have the capability to save them in the draft, delete them, and re-submit them in case of failure.
  * Failure reasons will also be shown on the UI to make it easier for them to re-submit.  

        Note: Regulatory Bundle is not required if you purchase phone numbers in USA or Canada

* * *

# **Step 1. Head into the Sub-account > Click Settings (bottom left menu) > Phone numbers > Regulatory Bundle/Address**

# **Step 2. On the top right click on Create to create regulatory bundle/address for the sub-account:**

Regulatory Bundle and Address List View:

The agency and locations users will be able to view the list of all the bundles and addresses that are submitted and their current status too.

    **This page will be visible to _all the sub-accounts_ that are on the LC - Phone System irrespective of their country.**

#   
**Step 3. Once all the information is submitted, we will coordinate and get the regulatory bundle approved.**

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

Why am I getting this Error: Request failed with status code 400?

The issue date should be in the format yyyy-mm-dd. e.g. 2018-12-28

The birth date should be in the format YYYY-MM-DD as well.

* * *

# **Related articles:**

[What is LC - Phone System?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001223546)

[How to Migrate an Agency and Sub-Account to LC - Phone?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204027)

[Toll-Free Number Registration for LC - Phone (US/Canada)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222300)

[LC - Phone Messaging Policy](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001213941)

[LC - Phone Pricing Structure](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001223556)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How do I migrate my agency and sub-account over to LC Phone?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204027-how-do-i-migrate-my-agency-and-sub-account-over-to-lc-phone-)
  * [Why is your account suspended](/support/solutions/articles/48001207676-why-is-your-account-suspended)
  * [Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001213216-regulatory-bundle-and-address-creation-for-sub-accounts)
  * [What is LC - Phone System?](/support/solutions/articles/48001223546-what-is-lc-phone-system-)

## You may like to read -

  * [What is LC - Phone System?](/support/solutions/articles/48001223546-what-is-lc-phone-system-)
  * [How to Purchase a Phone Number in a Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48000981420-how-to-purchase-a-phone-number-in-a-sub-account)
  * [How do I migrate my agency and sub-account over to LC Phone?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204027-how-do-i-migrate-my-agency-and-sub-account-over-to-lc-phone-)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
