Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
  4. [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
     * [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  6. How can I refer Affiliate Customers to HighLevel Pro?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How can I refer Affiliate Customers to HighLevel Pro?

Modified on: Mon, 12 Feb, 2024 at 12:46 PM

Want to refer an existing affiliate customer to pro? Check out these steps so you can get steps for having an affiliate customer upgrade to pro!  
  
[Need to refer new customers to pro? Check out your pro plan 14-day link in your affiliate portal.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001202637-how-to-use-affiliate-portal#Where-can-I-find-my-affiliate-link) Click on "Where can I find my Affiliate link"  
  
If you have 25 ACTIVE customers and are looking for your 30-day link, [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001204857-ways-to-get-highlevel-support-24-)[reach out to an Affiliate Manager!](https://speakwith.us/affiliate)

    Note : The pro plan is also known as the "SaaS plan" or the "497/month plan".

    Note : If a customer is already under you, no additional work is required. Your customer can just upgrade and you will continue to get credit and commission for their pro plan subscription.

    IMPORTANT : Existing customers do not get an extra 14-day trial through this link.They will be upgraded to the $497 plan in 1-3 business days and thier billing date will be reset and charged the prorated amount.

#   

* * *

# Refer Highlevel Customers to PRO!

**Covered in this article:**

#### **How to find your PRO Affiliate links**

#### **How To Find your PRO affiliate links via Affiliate portal**

#### **  
****How to Find via FirstPromoter**

  * #### 2\. Referring Existing Customers

  * #### 3\. Referring New Customers

####   
**FAQ:**

    * #### What if my customer is on the $97 plan and wants to upgrade to the $297 plan?

    * #### Will this form automatically upgrade my client or will they still have to upgrade afterward?

    * #### Can I give a 14-day trial to existing customers?

    * #### I have seen other affiliates give out a 30-day Extended Pro trial link. How can I get that link?

    * #### My customer was just charged for the Pro plan upon upgrading I thought this was a free trial?

    * #### If the customer I am referring to Highlevel Pro is currently not assigned to an affiliate do I get 100% of their commission or just a portion?

##   

* * *

# How to find your PRO Affiliate links[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001204857-ways-to-get-highlevel-support-24-7)

### [Reach out to support via live chat/or call us if you have any questions!](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001204857-ways-to-get-highlevel-support-24-7)

###   

###   

* * *

# **How To Find your PRO affiliate links via Affiliate portal**  

### 1\. Click on Affiliate Portal

###   
  
2\. Scroll down and Click on Links

* * *

### [](https://app.tango.us/app/workflow/1cdc951c-e547-41c8-a7a9-10f70d8c156e?utm_source=magicCopy&utm_medium=magicCopy&utm_campaign=workflow%20export%20links)  

### 3\. You should see at least 3 links here.

\- Default - 14-day trial for 97 starter accounts.  
\- Link for EXISTING Customers to upgrade to the HighLevel 497 Pro-plan  
\- Link for NEW Customers to a 14-Day Trial to the HighLevel 497 Pro-plan  

* * *

# [](https://app.tango.us/app/workflow/eab405a1-df1a-4461-b3b6-e5baa36bc7a1?utm_source=magicCopy&utm_medium=magicCopy&utm_campaign=workflow%20export%20links)**How to Find via FirstPromoter**  

\- Log in to First Promoter

\- Scroll to the bottom of the dashboard to find your links.   

##   

**2\. Referring Existing Customers**

* * *

### 1\. Select the Existing Customer Trial link

###   
  
2\. Copy the new URL Populated in the link

###   

3\. Send your link to your customer!

###   

### 4\. Have your existing customer fill out the form!

Make sure your customer places your link in this box.

###   

###   
5\. Please note the prorated note at the bottom of the page.

* * *

[](https://app.tango.us/app/workflow/59797af5-07ea-41e7-abf6-a58f16336685?utm_source=magicCopy&utm_medium=magicCopy&utm_campaign=workflow%20export%20links)

    IMPORTANT : Existing customers do not get an extra 14-day trial through this link.They will be upgraded to the $497 plan in 1-3 business days and thier billing date will be reset and charged the prorated amount.

After that, you are all set! Please allow up to 48 hours for these changes to reflect on your First Promoter/Affiliate Portal.

[](https://app.tango.us/app/workflow/d7751a8f-348b-492f-a056-44a792eeaa72?utm_source=magicCopy&utm_medium=magicCopy&utm_campaign=workflow%20export%20links)

##   

##   
  
**3\. Referring New Customers**

* * *

### 1\. Click on Affiliate Portal

###   

###   
  
2\. Click on Select to get your 14-day Trial link.

###   

###   
  
3\. Copy your New Customer Pro Trial link, to send to your customer

###   

###   
  
4\. Upon clicking the link, have your customer click on "Start A Free Trial of the Pro SaaS Plan Today!"

###   

5\. Have your new customer fill out the Free Trial form and that's it!  
When their account is created they will show under your referrals. If not contact support!

###   

* * *

# **FAQ:**

### **What if my customer is on the $97 plan and wants to upgrade to the $297 plan?**

A:  We **are** now offering split credit for upgrades to the Unlimited ($297/month) plan. Make sure your referral uses your affiliate link when they upgrading from the $97 to the $297 plan to receive credit.

###   
  
**Will this form automatically upgrade my client or will they still have to upgrade afterward?**

A: It will automatically upgrade your client, please e-mail affiliatepayments@gohighlevel.com if you have any questions about your ETA

###   
**Can I give a 14-day trial to existing customers?**

A: No the 14-day trial is only for new customers.

###   

###   
**I have seen other affiliates give out a 30-day Extended Pro trial link. How can I get that link?**

A: The 30-Day trial offers are exclusively for high-performing affiliates. If you have 25 or more active customers and are interested in offering your referrals a 30-day trial, [reach out to an Affiliate Manager](https://speakwith.us/affiliate) to see if you qualify.

###   
**My customer was just charged for the Pro plan upon upgrading I thought this was a free trial?**

A: For existing HighLevel customers, upon filling out the upgrade form they will be immediately upgraded to the $497 plan in 1-3 business days and their billing date will be reset and charged the prorated amount.  
  
If you are a TOP affiliate they will also be upgraded and prorated for their current subscription but will receive all the features of pro for one month!  
  
This is noted on the upgrade form before customers submit it.

### **If the customer I am referring to Highlevel Pro is currently not assigned to an affiliate do I get 100% of their commission or just a portion?**

A: Since you did not refer this customer to Highlevel, you will only be getting a commission for their HighLevel Pro subscription and upgrade NOT the base subscription. Meaning if you referred a customer to upgrade from the 297 plan to the 497 Pro plan you would get 40% of the $200 difference of the upgrade every month they pay their subscription.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

## You may like to read -

  * [Affiliate Split Commissions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000002420-affiliate-split-commissions-overview)
  * [How to use Affiliate Portal](/support/solutions/articles/48001202637-how-to-use-affiliate-portal)
  * [How to find your Affiliate Customers and Commission in your Affiliate Portal](/support/solutions/articles/48001217006-how-to-find-your-affiliate-customers-and-commission-in-your-affiliate-portal)
  * [Affiliate Refferal Page - Leads, Customers, Cancelled Statuses](/support/solutions/articles/48001213448-affiliate-refferal-page-leads-customers-cancelled-statuses)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
