Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to Create Group Hashtags within the Social Planner

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Create Group Hashtags within the Social Planner

Modified on: Mon, 12 Dec, 2022 at 11:04 AM

A hashtag is a combination of letters, numbers, or emoji preceded by the # symbol (e.g., #NoFilter). They are used to categorize content and make it more searchable. It is the best way to expand your audience and get more reach.

* * *

# How to create group hashtags within the social planner

  1. Go to '**Marketing** ' > '**Social Planner** ' > Click on the '**Create New Post** ' button
  2. In Create Post, there is an option to add hashtags**  '#'**.

3\. After clicking on the **'#'** ,** ** a** ** pop-up will appear, which requires information regarding the new addition. You need to add a **Name  **for the set and the **hashtags** you want to use when selecting this particular set of hashtags. There is an option to add several hashtags when the post is created.  
  
The **maximum number allowed is _30_** hashtags in each post. Once the hashtags are added, click on '**Save and Apply** ' to save the hashtag group. Whenever a new social post is created, the user can choose the saved hashtag grouping that the would like to append to the post.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Post Approval Flow in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001229834-post-approval-flow-in-social-planner)
  * [Schedule your Youtube Shorts and Videos in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000002838-schedule-your-youtube-shorts-and-videos-in-social-planner)
  * [How to schedule Posts in Bulk on the Social Planner (CSV)](/support/solutions/articles/48001223431-how-to-schedule-posts-in-bulk-on-the-social-planner-csv-)
  * [How to schedule Posts using RSS URL?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001052-how-to-schedule-posts-using-rss-url-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
