Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
  4. [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
     * [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  6. Using The HighLevel Logo

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Using The HighLevel Logo

Modified on: Mon, 3 Jan, 2022 at 1:08 PM

The HighLevel logo above is the official version of our logo. Notice that the H and L are both capitalized. 

  * For light colored backgrounds use the logo with black letters.

  * For dark colored backgrounds use the logo with white letters. 

  * Do not use our icon colors as color backgrounds in an area that will contain the logo. 

Logo Misuse 

It’s important that the HighLevel logo remains consistent. Please don’t modify, add or take out any of its elements. 

Logos and naming restrictions 

Your logo should not include, or look similar to “HighLevel”

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Set Up a Whitelabel Domain for the Desktop Web App](/support/solutions/articles/48000982207-how-to-set-up-a-whitelabel-domain-for-the-desktop-web-app)
  * [How to use Custom Values](/support/solutions/articles/48001161575-how-to-use-custom-values)
  * [How to build a custom payments integration on the platform](/support/solutions/articles/155000002620-how-to-build-a-custom-payments-integration-on-the-platform)
  * [Business Profile](/support/solutions/articles/48000982605-business-profile)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
