Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [Account Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666030)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [Account Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666030)
  6. Business Profile

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Business Profile

Modified on: Tue, 24 Sep, 2024 at 10:44 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What is the Business Profile?
  * Where Do I Find the Business Profile?
  * General Information
  * Business Physical Address
  * Business Information
  * Authorized Representative
  * General
  * Call & Voicemail Settings
  * Contact Duplication Preferences
  * Enable/Disable Depreciated Features
  * Missed Call Text Back

* * *

# ** _What is the Business Profile?_**

Your Business Profile is the section of your sub-account settings where you can assign company data and configure settings that are applied across the entire sub-account. Setting up this section, and spending a few minutes configuring the settings, is critical to the way your sub-account operates.

To help you better understand all the components and elements within the Business Profile, we will be going through all the sections and settings one-by-one and explaining how to configure them and even giving you some use cases that will help you understand the outcome of each setting and configuration.

* * *

## **_Where Do I Find the Business Profile?_**

Navigating to your Business Profile is quick and easy! We have also provided some screenshots below to help you find your way if you are more of a visual learner!

  * Make sure you are in the chosen sub-account in your HighLevel  

  * Click the **SETTINGS** navigation item on the left side of your screen  

  * Once you are in **SETTINGS** , the **BUSINESS PROFILE** will be the first navigation button in the **settings** menu on the left-hand side of your screen.  

  * The Business Profile is also the first page of settings by default, so once you click the **SETTINGS** button, you will automatically see the **BUSINESS PROFILE**.

    _**Login to HighLevel - > Select a Sub-Account -> Click Settings -> Business Profile**_

* * *

## ** _General Information_**

Your sub-account's General Information is very important. Adding the proper information here and configuring settings like "Branded Domain" will ensure that anyone using Custom Fields or Trigger Links associated with this sub-account is sending the correct information regarding their business.

#### **1\. Location ID**

When you interact with our support teams, they may request that you provide a location ID where you face a problem. Location ID is a unique ID given to every sub-account in your agency account. This helps us identify your client's account and narrow down our troubleshooting efforts.

#### **2\. Business Logo**

Upload the business logo you want to be associated with this sub-account. The logo will represent this specific sub-account when looking at the "Accounts" list in your Agency Dashboard view, and can be used across many features of HighLevel, including invoices and emails, and even as a Custom Field in messaging.

**Example:**  _{{location.logo_url}}_

#### **3\. Friendly Business Name**

This is the name that will be used for your sub-account (location) when using the Custom Field "Account -> Name" in messaging, workflows, and other areas across the app.

**Example:**  _{{location.name}}_

#### **4\. Legal Business Name**

The legal business name is the name that will be used in any future compliance registration. What you add here should perfectly match the business name as it is displayed on legal business documentation, such as your business license and registration paperwork.

#### **5\. Business Email**

Enter the email you want to be used for this account when adding the Custom Field "Account -> Email" to messages, emails, workflows, or other areas in the app that allow for Custom Fields.

**Example:  **{{location.email}}

#### **6\. Business Phone**

Enter the phone number you want to be used for this account when adding the Custom Field "Account -> Phone" to messages, emails, workflows, or other areas in the app that allow for Custom Fields.

**Example:  **{{location.phone}}

    If you want this number to match the number that is used for calling and messaging, you would first need to configure your LC phone number, and then copy/paste your purchased number in the "Business Phone" field. 

#### **7\. Branded Domain**

Each sub-account (location) can create a "branded domain" by connecting to a sub-domain in their hosting provider. This branded domain will be used as the URL address for things like "Trigger Links", "Calendars", "Forms", "Surveys", and more.

Below are a few different help articles that will explain the Branded Domain in more detail and how to configure it for your sub-account:

  * [Domains In HighLevel](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000002561#API-or-Branded-Domain)  

  * [How to Configure Branded System-Generated Links (API Domain)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001143244)

#### **8\. Business Website**

Enter the website URL you want to be used for this account when adding the Custom Field "Account -> Website" to messages, emails, workflows, or other areas in the app that allow for Custom Fields.

**Example:  **{{location.website}}

#### **9\. Business Niche**

Assign a business niche to your sub-account by choosing from the list in the dropdown. If you target multiple niches, choose the niche that best describes your target market.

#### **10\. API Key**

#### API keys are used to connect 2 or more software applications together with the intention of sharing information and/or performing and action that requires the approval and validation of the software applications involved.

For example, when you create a Zap in Zapier, you are just connecting to the API of different software applications. Zapier just makes this a clean and "pretty" experience for the end user, but underneath all the cool looking software that Zapier provides is just a bunch of API keys connecting to each other depending on how you configure your Zaps.

Your sub-account (or location) API Key can be used when connecting to Zapier and other applications that may require an API key to send or receive information to or from any specific sub-account (location).

#### **11\. Update Information Button**

When you're all finished updating your General Information, make sure to save!

* * *

## **_Business Physical Address_**

Your Business Physical Address is a very important component of your Business Profile. This information not only can be used when verifying your business for certain features that may need verification, but it can also be used when adding Custom Fields and Custom Values in messages, social posts, email campaigns, websites, and even funnels.

    _The Business Physical Address should**match the address on your EIN listing.** This information may be used to verify your business if needed. _

### **Time Zone**

Automated events within campaigns work with this field to determine when to send. You may be able to override this default timezone setting depending on the feature being used, such as workflows or email campaigns. Always check your business profile settings and the settings of the feature being used to make sure the correct time zone is selected.

### **Platform Language**

This setting controls what language your sub-account displays in. Meaning, if you speak and read English, you would want your HighLevel sub-account to be displayed in English. If you speak and read Spanish, you would most likely want your sub-account to be displayed in Spanish.

    You can see in the example below that we changed the "Platform Language" to Spanish, and all of the text in the application is now showing in Spanish

### **Outbound Communication Language for Custom Values**

When you are sending Custom Fields and Custom Values in messages, HighLevel needs to know how you want that information to be displayed to the person or persons receiving the message. Selecting the proper language here will make sure that when you send a message with Custom Fields or Custom Values, or use Custom Fields and Custom Values anywhere else such as in websites and funnels, that the correct language is being displayed.

    To see a list of the Custom Fields and Custom Values that are affected by this setting, take a look at the tables below. Scroll to the right to see all the variations when they are changed by a new default language.

**Supported Languages:**

  * English
  * English(Country Specific)
  * Dutch
  * French
  * German
  * Hungarian
  * Italian
  * Polish
  * Portuguese (Brazil)
  * Portuguese (Portugal)
  * Spanish
  * Danish

Below is a list of custom fields and custom values that are affected by changing the language in this setting. Please be aware that more may be added and affected in the future. We will do our best to update this list as needed:

  * {{appointment.start_time}}
  * {{appointment.end_time}}
  * {{appointment.only_start_date}}

  * {{appointment.only_end_date}}

  * {{appointment.only_start_time}}

  * {{appointment.only_end_time}}

  * {{appointment.month}}

  * {{appointment.month}}

  * {{appointment.day_of_week}}

  * {{right_now.time}}

  * {{right_now.day}}

  * {{right_now.day_of_week}}

  * {{right_now.month}}

  * {{right_now.month_english}}

  * {{right_now.month_name}}

  * {{right_now.middle_endian_date}}

  * {{right_now.little_endian_date}}

  * {{right_now.hour}}

  * {{right_now.hour_ampm}}

  * {{right_now.second}}

  * {{right_now.date}}

* * *

## **_Business Information_**

Filling out this section with information about your business is very important. This information includes things like your registration type and number (EIN, CCN, VAT, etc.) and your regions of operations. Running a legitimate and registered business can be the difference between getting approved or denied when submitting for approval to send SMS messages.

# ****

#### **1\. Business Type**

Select the type of business you created. The drop-down will give you the following options to choose from:

  * Co-operative
  * Corporation
  * Limited Liability Company (LLC) or Sole-Proprietorship
  * Non-profit Corporation
  * Partnership.

#### **2\. Business Industry**

Select the industry that you primarily serve. We understand that you may serve many different industries, but please select the one that best describes or most describes your target market.

#### **3\. Business Registration ID Type**

Select your business' registration type. If you are in the United States, you most likely will have an EIN unless you incorporated your business in a different country.

#### **4\. Business Registration Number**

After you select your business's type of registration, you can add your registration number here.

#### **5\. Business Regions of Operations**

Select the regions your business operates in. If you are a global company, select the regions that you do most of your sales in. This is a multi-select setting, so you are able to choose more than one region.

#### **6\. Update Information**

Make sure you always click the update button after making changes so that your changes are properly saved.

* * *

## **_Authorized Representative_**

If your business has an authorized representative, please add their information here. If you are the authorized representative, please add your own information here.

****

* * *

## **_General_**

This section of your Business Profile is incredibly important so we will break down each section one by one below. Make sure you pay close attention to these settings as they can have significant effects on your sub-account. You may experience something in the CONTACTS section, not know how to fix it, and then come look at these settings and realize you turned on or turned off something that should or shouldn't have been.

****

#### **Allow Duplicate Opportunity**

Turning this feature "ON" will allow duplicate opportunities to be created in the same pipeline. If this is turned "ON", new opportunities will be created in the same pipeline instead of an opportunity moving from one pipeline stage to another. In certain scenarios or use cases, this can be very useful, even necessary.

####   

#### **Merge Facebook Contacts by Name**

When contacts message your company from Facebook Messenger, a brand new contact will be created in your system. This is because Facebook only sends us the user's name, not their phone number or email address.

If you want to keep your contact lists clean and organized and add anotherel to contacts who reach out via Facebook, you can turn this feature on. messaging chann HighLevel will merge contacts with the same name as a contact who messages you from Facebook.

####   

#### **Disable Contact Timezone**

Using your contact's timezone for various features can be critical. Let's say you are sending emails at 8 am EST, but your customer is located in California (PST), which would be 3 hours behind. You would be sending that same email at 5 am PST if you DID NOT make sure the contact's timezone was considered in the sending process.

If there is a reason why you don't need to use the contact's specific time zone, you can use this feature to turn off any recognition of the contact's timezone and only use the timezone assigned in the sub-account.

####   

#### **Mark Emails as Invalid due to Hard Bounce**

HighLevel gives you the ability to "validate" email addresses for contacts, and using this feature, you can mark email addresses as "Invalid" if there is ever a hard bounce event when sending an email. This feature can help you cut costs by not sending emails to contacts when they are hard bouncing over and over.

_**NOTE:** Email actions in workflows will be automatically skipped when the address is marked as "Invalid"_

    **Hard Bounce (as defined by Google):** A Hard Bounce is an email that has failed to deliver for permanent reasons, such as the recipient's address is invalid (either because the domain name is incorrect, isn't real, or the recipient is unknown.)

####   

#### **Validate Phone Numbers when First SMS is Sent to a New Contact**

This feature will automatically attempt to validate a contact's phone number when you attempt send the very first SMS message to a new phone number in your account. If the phone number is marked as "Invalid", the SMS message will not be sent, and you will need to validate the phone number before being able to send SMS messages to this contact in the future.

    The standard price for validating phone numbers is $0.005 per validation attempt. This amount will be deducted from your agency account or sub-account credits wallet every time a phone number validation attempt occurs.

    **For Agency Pro HighLevel Accounts ($497/mo):** If a sub-account is set to "SaaS Mode", the cost of validating phone numbers can be adjusted so that you can make a profit every time there is a validation attempt.
    
    [Click Here to learn more about SaaS Mode and Rebilling.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002095)

#### **Verify Email Address when First Email is Sent to a New Contact**

Similar to validating phone numbers, this feature allows you to attempt to verify an email address when it's the first email sent to any new email address is your account. If the email address is marked as "Invalid", the email will not be sent, and you will need to verify the email address before being able to send emails to that contact in the future.

    The standard price for verifying email addresses is $0.0025 per verification attempt. This amount will be deducted from your agency account or sub-account credits wallet every time an email address verification attempt occurs.

    **For Agency Pro HighLevel Accounts ($497/mo):** If a sub-account is set to "SaaS Mode", the cost of verifying email addresses can be adjusted so that you can make a profit every time there is a verification attempt.
    
    [Click Here to learn more about SaaS Mode and Rebilling.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002095)

#### **Make SMS Compliant by Adding an Opt-Out Message**

SMS compliance is incredibly important and needs to be taken very seriously. That is why HighLevel automatically configures "Opt-Out" messaging in all of your sub-accounts by default. You can configure these opt-out messages and even turn them off (which we do not recommend), but to get you and your customers started, we make sure that this setting is turned on and configured by default in all sub-accounts.

    [Click Here to learn more about SMS Compliance settings in the LC phone system.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001213941-lead-connector-messaging-policy#3.-Opt-Out-Language-addition)

#### **Make SMS Compliant by Adding Sender Information**

Just like opt-out messaging being very important, making sure the "sender information" is in the SMS message is another very important factor in SMS compliance. You can configure the sender information and even turn it off (which we do not recommend), but to get you and your customers started, we make sure that this setting is turned on and configured by default in all sub-accounts.

    [Click Here to learn more about SMS Compliance settings in the LC phone system.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001213941-lead-connector-messaging-policy#3.-Opt-Out-Language-addition)

#### **Make Email Compliant by Adding an Unsubscribe Link in Your Emails**

New laws are being passed all the time around sending emails in order to keep consumers safe and their information secure. That is why HighLevel automatically configures your email unsubscribe link in all of your sub-accounts by default. You can configure the unsubscribe link and even turn it off (which we do not recommend), but to get you and your customers started, we make sure that this setting is turned on and configured by default in all sub-accounts.

    [Click Here to learn more about setting up Unsubscribe links in LC email.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001225534-how-to-set-up-unsubscribe-links-for-lc-email)

* * *

## **_Call & Voicemail Settings_**

The following voicemail settings are applied to the entire sub-account and are only overridden if you add a voicemail to an individual team member (Click Here to learn more about adding/configuring team members).

  * When you upload your sub-account voicemail, the file needs to be in **mp3** or **WAV** format.  

  * Selecting the "Incoming Call Timeout" dictates how quickly the incoming call is pushed to voicemail.

    We recommend 10-20 seconds, but depending on your business, you may want to choose a timeout length of less than 10 seconds to ensure that the incoming call reaches the voicemail before they hang up the phone.

****

* * *

## **_Contact Duplication Preferences_**

This setting allows you to control how your sub-account treats duplicate contacts. If you want to "Allow Duplicate Contacts", you would toggle this setting into the ON position. If you DO NOT want duplicate contacts, you would toggle this setting to the OFF position.

****

    If you choose to toggle this setting OFF, you will be presented with options to adjust exactly how your HighLevel sub-account looks for duplicate contacts. You can look for EMAIL or PHONE numbers first when determining if a contact is a duplicate, and if you want another layer of confirmation, you can also select a secondary determining factor.

* * *

## **_Enable/Disable Depreciated Features_**

Depreciated features are features in HighLevel that are no longer updated or supported by the engineering team and that are not offered to sub-accounts by default. Currently Campaigns and Triggers and the only depreciated features in this list. They are depreciated because workflows have completely replaced them as a significantly superior option ([Click Here to learn more about Workflows and Automations](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002288)).

    You can turn Depreciate Features on for your customers, but be aware that you may run into issues or bugs with these features that may never get resolved by our team. Depreciated features are like that for a reason. They are getting "phased out" of the application.

****

* * *

## **_Missed Call Text Back_**

Missed call text back is an amazing feature for you and your customers and can be easily turned on and configured right here in your Business Profile settings!

**Missed call text back will automatically send an SMS message to the caller who recently called but was unable to reach someone from your team.**

You can configure the exact SMS message that is sent and even add Custom Fields and Custom Values to it.

    If you need to test the SMS message you created before turning on missed call text back, you can easily text by adding you phone number in the input field below this feature and clicking "Send Test". HighLevel will send your phone an SMS message with the exact text you configured in this setting.

When you're ready to start using Missed Call Text Back, click the save button below this feature, and you'll be ready!

****

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Business Profile](/support/solutions/articles/48000982605-business-profile)
  * [Call Connect & Missed Call Text-Back](/support/solutions/articles/48001197248-call-connect-missed-call-text-back)
  * [How do I change my Client's Address?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204293-how-do-i-change-my-client-s-address-)
  * [How do I find my Client's Location ID?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204848-how-do-i-find-my-client-s-location-id-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Disable Contact Timezone - How to Remove Ability to Adjust Timezones When Scheduling](/support/solutions/articles/48000982200-disable-contact-timezone-how-to-remove-ability-to-adjust-timezones-when-scheduling)
  * [How to sell SaaS in currencies other than USD?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001179-how-to-sell-saas-in-currencies-other-than-usd-)
  * [Glossary](/support/solutions/articles/48001231169-glossary)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Settings](/support/solutions/articles/48001236575-eliza-agent-platform-settings)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
