Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [MailGun](/support/solutions/folders/48000665892)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [MailGun](/support/solutions/folders/48000665892)
  6. Mailgun API Key - Where to Find in Mailgun & Put in H...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Mailgun API Key - Where to Find in Mailgun & Put in HighLevel

Modified on: Fri, 16 Feb, 2024 at 11:28 AM

### [Log in to Mailgun](https://app.mailgun.com/app/sending/domains)

Make sure the domain is set up for **US** and there's a **green checkmark** next to the domain

To create a new Mailgun API Key:

1\. In the top-right corner of the Mailgun Control Panel, click your Profile Menu to expand the drop-down list of options.

### 2\. Next, click the API Security option. Alternatively, you can use [this direct link](https://app.mailgun.com/settings/api_security).

### 

3\. To create the new key, click the Add new key button.

4\. Finally, type a description and click the Create Key button in the pop-up modal to confirm creation of the new Mailgun API Key.

Go to the [Agency settings Email services page](https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/email_services):

**Domain Service** tab:

  * Each new location will use the settings based on this configured Mailgun API key on the Domain service tab.
  * We will also use it to send the **email verification code**

Select **Mailgun** as the SMTP Provider

Paste **API Key** and select the **Domain** here, click save

Location Settings:

  * You can configure each location with your client's own Mailgun or your mailgun
  * We can use the same Mailgun API and same domain/subdomain for multiple locations
  * We can use the same Mailgun API and different domains/subdomains for multiple locations
  * We can use the different Mailgun API and domain/subdomain for multiple locations
  * You can also set up a unique domain/subdomain for each location to capture cold inbound emails. [Learn more about Cold Email Inbound Setup here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001185801-cold-email-inbound-setup).

Click on the Edit ✏️ icon

Paste the Mailgun **API key** here and select the **domain** you configured from the dropdown, Click **Save**

If the domain you set up will not show up from the dropdown.

1\. Please set up the domain or subdomain under **US, not EU.  **

2\. Check if the mailgun account has added allowed IP in MailGun, so we are not able to pull it. please remove all the IP whitelist, you can add it back later on.

Click **Save**

**  
**

You can toggle on Email Validation for the location. Email validation is a paid service and is charged at $0.012 / email.[ Learn more about Email validation here](https://gohighlevelassist.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/articles/48000982847-email-validation-from-mailgun-in-highlevel).

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Mailgun - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000981677-mailgun-overview)
  * [Step-by-step guide to set up Mailgun](/support/solutions/articles/48001219824-step-by-step-guide-to-set-up-mailgun)
  * [Mailgun Setup - GoDaddy Domain Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48000981678-mailgun-setup-godaddy-domain-setup)
  * [MailGun Setup - HostGator Domain Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48000981679-mailgun-setup-hostgator-domain-setup)

## You may like to read -

  * [Step-by-step guide to set up Mailgun](/support/solutions/articles/48001219824-step-by-step-guide-to-set-up-mailgun)
  * [How to setup Replies in MailGun](/support/solutions/articles/48000987293-how-to-setup-replies-in-mailgun)
  * [Mailgun Setup - Google Domain Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48001155148-mailgun-setup-google-domain-setup)
  * [Mailgun Setup - Namecheap Domain Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48000981680-mailgun-setup-namecheap-domain-setup)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
