Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. How-to attach Custom Values (MMS) to SMS messages in work...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How-to attach Custom Values (MMS) to SMS messages in workflows

Modified on: Thu, 1 Sep, 2022 at 12:42 PM

Custom values are exceptionally powerful and versatile. In this guide, we will cover how you can use custom values to send MMS messages within workflows. 

Custom values are great for leveraging snapshots and your favorite workflow(s). Its a quick and simple setup making your automation more scalable and exciting. 

* * *

#### **Covered in this article**

#### **How to attach Custom Values URLs to SMS messages**

#### **Troubleshooting**

    * #### What is the maximum MMS size when sending SMS?

    * #### What are the support file types for MMS when sending via SMS?

    * #### My custom value does not work when the message is sent?  

* * *

# **How to attach Custom Values URLs to SMS messages**

## **Step 1:**   Setup your custom value URL 

**Head into the location settings > Custom Values > \+ Add Custom Value > Enter MMS URL**

##   

## **Step 2:** Head into your workflow where you would like to send the MMS

Now that you are in your workflow make sure to attach the custom value as an attachment. You will need to copy and paste the value

**Please note:**

    There are strict requirements to MMS sizes when it comes to different carriers. _These_ _limitations are set by the carriers_.
    
    **For more info on the correct size requirements by carrier, please check out  **What is the maximum MMS size when sending SMS?

* * *

# **Troubleshooting**

### **What is the maximum MMS size when sending SMS?**

**Carrier**| **Long code MMS attachment size**| **Toll-Free MMS attachment size**| **Shortcode MMS attachment size**  
---|---|---|---  
AT&T| 0.6 MB| 0.6 MB| 0.6 MB  
Sprint| 1.4 MB| 0.6 MB| 1.4 MB  
T-mobile| 1.5 MB| 0.6 MB| 1.0 MB  
Verizon| 0.675 MB| 0.6 MB| 1.2 MB  

### **What are the support file types for MMS when sending via SMS?**

  * jpeg
  * png
  * gif

###   

### **My custom value does not work when the message is sent?**

Please double-check to make sure:

  1. There are no spaces in your custom value URL, you can test this by adding it to a dummy funnel and previewing the page. If the MMS appears the custom value works, please proceed to the next step below
  2. The MMS URL meets the size requirement for the provided carrier (see question above)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Calculating SMS and MMS Costs: A Step-by-Step Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001626-calculating-sms-and-mms-costs-a-step-by-step-guide)
  * [Pricing and Fees for the A2P 10DLC Service](/support/solutions/articles/155000000234-pricing-and-fees-for-the-a2p-10dlc-service)
  * [Forbidden message categories for SMS and MMS in the US and Canada](/support/solutions/articles/48001219617-forbidden-message-categories-for-sms-and-mms-in-the-us-and-canada)
  * [How do I prevent my messages from being filtered by carriers(30007)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001237726-how-do-i-prevent-my-messages-from-being-filtered-by-carriers-30007-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
