Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. How to authorize card payments using the old funnel builder

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to authorize card payments using the old funnel builder

Modified on: Thu, 15 Dec, 2022 at 9:31 AM

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### Payment Verification Process in Funnels

#### How Authorization works

#### Authorizing a payment using version 1 of the page builder

####   

* * *

## **Payment Verification Process in Funnels**

**(Version 1)**

If you are on _**Version 2**_ of the page builder **[click here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204216)**

**Related article:**  [What's the difference between Version 1 & Version 2 of the page builders](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204164)

##   
 _**How Authorization works:**_

  * This, by default, is **not  **turned on and will require a couple of quick extra steps, covered below.
  * The system will remove the monetary value placed in the "authorized amount" from the client's bank account before crediting it later.
  * If the account does not have the funds during the authorization process, they will not be allowed to continue to the next step.
  * Upon authorization approval, the system will credit back the account for the amount used to authorize.
  * If you have any "Trial days" attached to the plan, those will kick in as soon as the card is authorized.
  * Funds may take up to 5 business days before being returned to the clients bank account.
  * It**  ONLY **works with _Subscriptions and Payment plans.__  
_  

**Note:  **

    If you would like to authorize payment before purchase for all your plans, this process will need to be repeated for each plan attached to the payment form.

* * *

## **Authorizing a payment using version 1 of the page builder**

**1\. Head into your funnel/ website builder**

Select the funnel step your products are attached to.

**2\. Click on Products**  

**3\. Click on the "Edit" icon to open up your product settings**

In this example, there are two plans where "Authorized payments" will need to be turned on (Monthly $149 & Yearly $1490).  

First, we will start with plan 1 (Monthly $149) then come back and repeat this process for plan 2 (Yearly plan $1490).

**4\. Click on Authorize Card**

**5\. Type the dollar amount you would like to "authorize."**

**Please Note:**

    Keep in mind the amount you place here will be deducted from the clients account. If the funds are unavailable they will not be able to proceed.   
      
    In this example: The system will take "$1" out of the clients account and then refund the "$1" back.   
      
    The refund process may take up to 5 business days before returning the amount taken.   
      
    ONLY works with Subscriptions and Payment plans.

**  
**

****

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**6\. Click on "Currency"**

Enter the currency you wish to use

****

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**7\. Click on USD**

For this example we will use USD.

**  
**

****

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**8\. Click on Update**

Make sure to hit "Update". That's it.  

****

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

## **  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Perform a card Auth on your SaaS Checkout pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001206271-perform-a-card-auth-on-your-saas-checkout-pages)
  * [How to authorize card payments using the old Website builder](/support/solutions/articles/48001204314-how-to-authorize-card-payments-using-the-old-website-builder)
  * [How to authorize card payments in funnels](/support/solutions/articles/48001204216-how-to-authorize-card-payments-in-funnels)
  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
