Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Funnel Paths

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Funnel Paths

Modified on: Fri, 31 Jul, 2020 at 3:44 AM

There are 3 levels of path associated with any funnel

  * Funnel URL --> This is the URL dedicated for a funnel which can be configured from the **Settings**. This will always load the first step in the funnel 

  * Step URL --> Each Step has an URL associated with it to load its respective page. Can be configured from **Publishing tab**

  * Page URL --> This will be very useful once we launch the A/B testing feature, **this is coming soon**!
  * We currently can only have one page within a step. Once the A/B testing is launched, you will be able to configure the traffic based on the URL for each page. It can be configured from the**  Gear icon beside the Edit page button** which opens the Settings modal for the page.

  * Split Testing would work in the following way **(This feature is coming soon!)**

The client will publish the Step URL to its customers in a FB ad for e.g. On clicking the link, the backend will recognize the Step and based on the traffic migration will load either of the page within it, essentially redirecting to one of the page URL.

Step URL --> Page 1 URL or Page 2 URL

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Sites Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001633-sites-overview)
  * [301 Redirects For Domains](/support/solutions/articles/48001202713-301-redirects-for-domains)
  * [How to import a Funnel From ClickFunnels?](/support/solutions/articles/48000980322-how-to-import-a-funnel-from-clickfunnels-)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Funnel/Website Page View](/support/solutions/articles/155000003498-workflow-trigger-funnel-website-page-view)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
