Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
  4. [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
     * [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  6. Understanding Facebook Ad Reporting Terminology

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Understanding Facebook Ad Reporting Terminology

Modified on: Mon, 5 Sep, 2022 at 9:06 AM

Facebook Ad Reporting provides live reporting and analysis for your client's digital ad campaigns. Facebook Ad Reporting provides big-picture campaign analysis, so it is easy to understand your client's ad performance and grow their ROI.

#### **Covered in this article:**

  * #### Impressions

  * #### Clicks

  * #### Conversions

  * #### Client Spend

  * #### Average CPC (Cost per Click)

  * #### Cost Per Conversion (CPA)

  * #### Conversion Rate

  * #### Revenue  

  * #### ROI 

  * #### Sales 

  * #### CPS (Cost per Sales) 

  * #### Leads 

  * #### CPL (Cost per Lead) 

* * *

## **Impressions**

An impression is the number of times your ad is displayed on a search results page or another website within the Facebook network.

## **Clicks**

When someone clicks your Ad, like on the Blue Headline or Phone Number of a Text Ad, Facebook Ads Counts That As A Click.

## **Conversions**

A conversion is any interaction between a user and your website where the user completes an action that you’ve defined as valuable to your business. For example, if I visit your site and view a specific webpage, that would be one type of conversion. If I download your eBook, sign up for your newsletter, or take another action, that would also be considered a conversion. The goal of conversions is to convert visitors into customers.

## **Client Spend**

It is the cost of running the ad plus the agencies management fees (This is **only** visible to _Agency Admin and Agency User_)

## **Average CPC (Cost per Click)**

CPC is the average amount that a publisher pays for each click on their ad. The higher the CPC, the more expensive it will be to place an advertisement.

The cost of placing an advertisement can vary depending on many factors such as:

  * Advertiser’s budget
  * Number of impressions
  * Location and time of day
  * Type of content in which

## **Cost Per Conversion (CPA)**

is a metric that measures the average cost of acquiring one new customer. It’s also known as Cost per Acquisition, or CPA. It is calculated by dividing the total cost of ads by the total number of conversions. 

##   
**Conversion Rate**

Conversion rates are calculated by simply taking the number of conversions and dividing that by the number of total ad interactions that can be tracked to a conversion during the same time period. For example, if you had 50 conversions from 1,000 interactions, your conversion rate would be 5%, since 50 ÷ 1,000 = 5%

##   
**Revenue  **

When an opportunity is marked as won, the opportunity will have a Lead value (monetary) added. It is sum total of all the opportunity which is marked as won for a specific Facebook ad campaign.

**Please note:**

    When adding a lead value _**only**_ use numerical integers. There is no need to add a $ sign as its already accounted for in the field (See example below)

[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/48241707307/original/n4Q9x-G_xbtco9dnWK_2SSKSBQOFNkLGUw.png?1659026778)

## **ROI**** **

Return On Investment (ROI) is measured by calculating the ratio between the costs incurred during an advertising campaign and the revenues generated from that campaign. ROI can be applied to each individual ad, or to the entire page.

## **Sales**  

It refers to the leads/opportunities that have been marked as won.

[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/48247982025/original/jPd0Kh-Q6Sh4dMgRKaXkowGGiqjBND-vxg.png?1661809072)

##   
**CPS (Cost per Sales)  **

CPS is measured by dividing the cost of running a specific campaign by the number of opportunities marked as won.

## **Leads  **

It refers to the leads/opportunities that are recorded as open through form submission, response via chat widget, or phone call.

## **CPL (Cost per Lead)  **

CPS is measured by dividing the cost of running a specific campaign by the number of opportunities that are in the open stage.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Understanding Attribution Source (Ad Reporting)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219997-understanding-attribution-source-ad-reporting-)
  * [Understanding Google Ad Reporting Terminology](/support/solutions/articles/48001219241-understanding-google-ad-reporting-terminology)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001219312-how-to-set-up-google-ad-reporting)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Precautionary Tracking Script](/support/solutions/articles/48001219356-how-to-set-up-google-ad-precautionary-tracking-script)

## You may like to read -

  * [Understanding Attribution Source (Ad Reporting)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219997-understanding-attribution-source-ad-reporting-)
  * [Troubleshooting Facebook Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001220950-troubleshooting-facebook-ad-reporting)
  * [Reporting FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002087-reporting-faqs)
  * [How to set up Facebook Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001204042-how-to-set-up-facebook-ad-reporting)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
