Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  6. Memberships | How to connect your custom domain / subdomain

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Memberships | How to connect your custom domain / subdomain

Modified on: Wed, 19 Aug, 2020 at 9:56 AM

You can connect your custom domain / subdomain with membership sites by going to the Settings > Custom Domain. You can also use a custom subdomain by going to Settings > Site Details.

Note:

The domain / subdomain you connect with your membership site needs to be unique, it cannot be used also with your funnels/websites or as your whitelabel domain.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Add Membership Signups To Funnel Pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001143787-add-membership-signups-to-funnel-pages)
  * [Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked & drip content](/support/solutions/articles/155000002174-courses-in-app-notifications-for-comment-unlocked-drip-content)
  * [How do first time users Set Login Password, Request Forgotten Password for their membership portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002847-how-do-first-time-users-set-login-password-request-forgotten-password-for-their-membership-portal-)
  * [How To Build Courses / Membership Sites](/support/solutions/articles/48001141015-how-to-build-courses-membership-sites)

## You may like to read -

  * [Setting up Whitelabel Domain, API Domain, Email Sending Domain, Sites Domain, Client Portal Domain & more](/support/solutions/articles/155000002561-setting-up-whitelabel-domain-api-domain-email-sending-domain-sites-domain-client-portal-domain-)
  * [How to set up Root Domain/Subdomain for your Funnels/Websites?](/support/solutions/articles/48001153720-how-to-set-up-root-domain-subdomain-for-your-funnels-websites-)
  * [How to use the Domain Connect feature?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000734-how-to-use-the-domain-connect-feature-)
  * [What will be the order of Email Provider we will use to send emails?](/support/solutions/articles/48001209681-what-will-be-the-order-of-email-provider-we-will-use-to-send-emails-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
