Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)

Modified on: Tue, 28 May, 2024 at 7:04 AM

**Social Planner** gives you the ability to add all your fan pages to publish posts and engage with your Facebook audience through a Facebook Page.

* * *

# **Facebook Page Publishing Setup Guide**

Following the steps below, you will be able to connect your Facebook pages with the platform.

1\. If you have already connected your Facebook pages from any profile previously and want to add some new pages, you will have to **'Remove'** the application from your **Facebook Settings >  Business Integration** section on your Facebook account and follow the steps below all over again as demonstrated in the image below. 

2\. To add all your Facebook pages, it is necessary that you have **Admin rights.  ****It is mandatory for you to log yourself in with the same profile that has all the pages in which you are an admin.**

Due to Facebook's recent API changes, it will no**  longer promote posting to Facebook personal profiles, however, you can add pages from different profiles for Social Planner.**

* * *

###   

### **Step 1. Go to Social Planner > Setting**

To get started, please go to Social Planner. In the top right corner of Social Planner, there is a Setting option (Gear icon). Please navigate to Settings by clicking it.

## **Step 2. Click****  on Connect a new page, Facebook Page**

The next step is to click on **Connect a new Facebook page** of the table as shown below to manage multiple Facebook Pages.  

## **Step 3. Give permissions  ****to fetch Facebook page(s)**

If you're connecting any profile for the first time, you will have to make sure you give all the permissions to it. Please click Continue to complete the authorization process for fetching the Facebook page(s).

## **Step 4. Select Facebook Page(s)****  to connect**

It will list all the Facebook pages for this profile, select the list of the ones you wish to connect for Social Planner.

## **Step 5. Verify your connection**

Last but not least, all of the selected pages in the previous step will be listed down showing a successful connection; as shown in the image below. 

Following these instructions, you can add as many pages as you wish from the same or different Facebook profiles.

Facebook has two types of Pages - **Classic and New Page experience**. If you are using the Classic page, please follow the above flow. If you are using New Page Experience, they will be required to add access to the following role:

# **Troubleshooting**

#### [Click here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001210328) to go to the troubleshooting document

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [Failed Post Error in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001218255-failed-post-error-in-social-planner)
  * [How to post fb stories through composer?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004059-how-to-post-fb-stories-through-composer-)
  * [Share your Review Post on social media using Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000001620-share-your-review-post-on-social-media-using-social-planner)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
