Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Eliza Agent Platform](/support/solutions/48000456231)
  4. [Eliza Agent Platform Onboarding](/support/solutions/folders/48000690746)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Eliza Agent Platform](/support/solutions/48000456231)
     * [Eliza Agent Platform Onboarding](/support/solutions/folders/48000690746)
  6. Eliza Agent Platform Search Tools

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Eliza Agent Platform Search Tools

Modified on: Thu, 4 May, 2023 at 12:06 PM

This Article covers how to use the Eliza Agent Platform Search tools to utilize its features best.

#### **Covered in this Article**

#### **Search Contacts**

#### ****Add Contact

#### Add to Conversation

#### Audit log

#### Search Conversations

**Related Articles**

[Eliza Agent Platform Introduction and FAQs](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)  
[Eliza Agent Platform Settings within the CRM](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236605-eliza-agent-platform-settings-within-the-crm)

[Eliza Agent Platform Settings](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236575-eliza-agent-platform-settings)

[Eliza Agent Platform Dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236604-eliza-agent-platform-dashboard)

[Eliza Agent Platform Conversations](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236598-eliza-agent-platform-conversations)

* * *

## **Search Contacts**

Searching for contacts is possible via **Search > Contacts.** 

Select the location you want to search for the contacts on this screen, and EAP will list all the contacts in this location. 

Search for contacts within the location by first name, last name, tags, phone number, and address.

Select the contact and add it to the inbox of a specific agent by clicking on Add to Conversations. 

### **Add Contact**

Eliza users can add a contact to a sub-account through Eliza by navigating to Search -> Contacts. These contacts will be synced to the respective GHL sub-account with the contact source field as ‘Eliza_User.’ Once the contact is added to a sub-account through Eliza, the Eliza agent will have to assign it to themself or another agent manually. The sub-account audit log will show an entry for the added contact.

##   

### **Add to Conversation**

If you want to engage with lead(s), choose the contact(s) and assign it to the agent from the dropdown. The contact(s) will be added to the inbox of the selected agent.

### **Audit log**

Select a contact to see the audit trail of all the conversations.

The audit trail will include the details about all the conversations between Eliza Agent and the contact, the disposition assigned, and the dates. 

##   

##   

### **Search Conversations**

Conversation search gives the read-only view of the conversations between the agent and contacts via all the channels supported by the Eliza Agent Platform.

**Please Note:**

    This search can only locate contacts nurtured within the Eliza Agent platform. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Eliza Agent Platform - Introduction and FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Settings](/support/solutions/articles/48001236575-eliza-agent-platform-settings)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Conversations](/support/solutions/articles/48001236598-eliza-agent-platform-conversations)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Search Tools](/support/solutions/articles/48001236599-eliza-agent-platform-search-tools)

## You may like to read -

  * [Eliza Agent Platform - Introduction and FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Settings within the CRM](/support/solutions/articles/48001236605-eliza-agent-platform-settings-within-the-crm)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Conversations](/support/solutions/articles/48001236598-eliza-agent-platform-conversations)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001236604-eliza-agent-platform-dashboard)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
