Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. Pause / Resume Sub-Accounts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Pause / Resume Sub-Accounts

Modified on: Tue, 26 Sep, 2023 at 1:47 PM

Agencies can now "pause" and "resume" SAAS sub-accounts. If you have a SAAS (Software as a Service) client who fails to make payments, their Account can be Paused (disabled). 

This means that they won't be able to access the services or features of the software until the payment is made. The way for SAAS customers to resume their paused accounts is by paying their bills. For Regular clients, you need to resume their accounts manually.

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### **How to Pause SAAS/Regular Sub-Account(s)**

#### Automatically (Works for SAAS Sub-Accounts only)

#### What is meant by a Subscription failure?

#### Manually (works for both SAAS and Regular Sub-Accounts)

#### **What do my Client's admins & users see when their sub-account is paused?**

#### If you have a SaaS client with a failed subscription

#### If you have a regular (non-SaaS) client or if your SaaS client doesn't have a failed subscription

#### **Resuming Sub-Accounts**

####   
**FAQ**

####  What happens to a 'Paused' sub-account's automation, calendars, messaging, etc.? Is everything paused?

* * *

## **How to Pause SAAS/Regular Sub-Account(s)**

**Please Note**

    This feature is only available for **Agency Admins**.

### **Automatically (Works for SAAS Sub-Accounts only)**

Agencies can pause a sub-account automatically when a SaaS subscription is not paid up. 

When a SaaS client's subscription fails, the agency can choose to

  1. Pause their sub-account
  2. Leave it operational

This setting can be controlled in the **Agency Sidebar > SAAS Configurator> Suspend Sub-Accounts when their SAAS subscription fails.**

This setting will pause client sub-accounts when their SaaS subscription fails. 

#### **What is meant by a Subscription failure?**

A subscription is considered failed when your Client has not paid up, and the subscription status has been changed to **canceled, past_due, or incomplete_expired or incomplete** status in Stripe. To learn how Stripe subscription statuses work, please refer to this [Stripe help article](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/overview).

### **Manually (works for both SAAS and Regular Sub-Accounts)**

You would need to head to the **Sub-Accounts** tab in the Agency Sidebar. Scroll to the sub-account that you want to pause. 

Either click on their name or go to the far right and click the **three dots > Manage Client.**

Head to the **Actions** dropdown to the right > **Pause Sub-Account**

It will then ask you for confirmation. Mark the given Checkbox and Click on**  Pause Sub Account** to proceed.  

Within a few seconds, the sub-account will be paused. A banner will be added in this window indicating that it has been paused:

Being an Agency Admin, you would still be able to log in to that Account as usual, the banner would still be displayed there, but you would have no issues using the Account being the Agency Admin.  
  
When the Client tries to access the sub-account, they will see one of two possible messages on their screen depending on whether they are a SAAS client (see below for more details).

* * *

## **What do my Client's admins & users see when their sub-account is paused?**

###   
**If you have a SaaS client with a failed subscription**

Your Client will see a screen to reactivate their SaaS subscription. They can change payment methods if required. Once they have reactivated their SaaS subscription, **their sub-account will be resumed automatically**.

### **If you have a regular (non-SaaS) client or if your SaaS client doesn't have a failed subscription**

Your Client will see a screen to contact you (the agency) to resolve the situation. We will use your phone number & email from your **agency > settings > Company** page.

* * *

## **Resuming Sub-Accounts**

As an agency admin, you may resume a sub-account at any given time by heading to Agency Sidebar> Sub-Accounts> Navigating**  to the Paused Account. **

Then either click its name or the **3 Dots  **to the far right and then click on **Manage Client:**  
  
****

**  
**

**Then go to the  Actions dropdown and click on Resume Sub-account:  
**

**  
**

**It will then ask you for Confirmation. Check the required box and then click on  Resume Sub Account:  
**

**  
**

**  
**

* * *

# **FAQ**

### **What happens to a 'Paused' sub-accounts automation, calendars, messaging, etc.? Is everything paused?**

No, sub-accounts _will continue working as usual_. The only** ** thing that changes is customers will now be prompted to update their subscription or contact the agency on file.  
-[ If you have a SaaS client with a failed subscription](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001230403-pause-resume-sub-accounts#:~:text=account%20is%20paused%3F-,If%20you%20have%20a%20SaaS%20client%20with%20a%20failed%20subscription,-Your%20client%20will)  
[\- If you have a regular (non-SaaS) client or if your SaaS client doesn't have a failed subscription](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001230403-pause-resume-sub-accounts#:~:text=resumed%20automatically.-,If%20you%20have%20a%20regular%20\(non%2DSaaS\)%20client%20or%20if%20your%20SaaS%20client%20doesn%27t%20have%20a%20failed%20subscription,-Your%20client%20will)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Cancel SaaS sub-account for your client](/support/solutions/articles/48001216453-how-to-cancel-saas-sub-account-for-your-client)
  * [SaaS Mode FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002129-saas-mode-faqs)
  * [Using SaaS Mode with NMI, Authorize.net, and Square](/support/solutions/articles/155000003670-using-saas-mode-with-nmi-authorize-net-and-square)
  * [Upgrading and Cancelling SaaS Plans for Clients](/support/solutions/articles/155000001979-upgrading-and-cancelling-saas-plans-for-clients)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
