Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [MailGun](/support/solutions/folders/48000665892)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [MailGun](/support/solutions/folders/48000665892)
  6. Email Validation From Maligun within the CRM

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Email Validation From Maligun within the CRM

Modified on: Thu, 7 Dec, 2023 at 1:56 PM

Activate Email Validation to have MailGun validate your new emails automatically inside the CRM.

**Please note:**

    Activating email validation in the CRM will incur costs from MailGun in your MailGun account. Email validation is a paid service and is charged at $0.012 / email - [Check MailGun for pricing](https://www.mailgun.com/pricing/). 

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### **How to enable Email validation in the CRM:**

#### **How to enable Email re-validation in the CRM:**

####   
**FAQ**

#### How does email validation work?

* * *

* * *

**Please Note:**

    We will re-validate all emails every 90 days as emails go valid/invalid occasionally.

* * *

## **How to enable Email validation in the CRM:**

1\. Click on **Switch to Agency View**

###   

2\. Click on **Settings**

###   

3\. Click on **Email Services** and Navigate to **Location Settings**

4\. Enable Email Validation by clicking on the toggle in front of the desired sub-account:

**Please Note:**

    Email validation is a paid service and is charged at $0.012 / email

* * *

## **How to enable Email re-validation in the CRM:**

1\. Once you are in the agency view, click on Sub-Accounts

2\. Search by the sub-account name

3\. Click on the sub-account name

4\. Scroll down to**  Email Advanced Settings** >**  Enable Re-validation for 90 days**

revalidated

* * *

# **FAQ**

### **How does email validation work?**

Email validation validates new contacts when entering the system for the first time (form, survey, calendars, chat widget) or when sending a new email _**after  **enabling email validation**.**_

Head into the contact record >scroll down the right side > click the envelope icon.

  * Green = Valid
  * Red = Invalid, too old, previously bounced, unsubscribed, etc. The error would specify why the Email is invalid.

_  
_

[](https://app.tango.us/app/workflow/31a215d9-6696-4697-a00a-5a6849c573b9?utm_source=magicCopy&utm_medium=magicCopy&utm_campaign=workflow%20export%20links)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Mailgun - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000981677-mailgun-overview)
  * [Step-by-step guide to set up Mailgun](/support/solutions/articles/48001219824-step-by-step-guide-to-set-up-mailgun)
  * [Mailgun Setup - GoDaddy Domain Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48000981678-mailgun-setup-godaddy-domain-setup)
  * [MailGun Setup - HostGator Domain Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48000981679-mailgun-setup-hostgator-domain-setup)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to enable and rebill LC Email Validation](/support/solutions/articles/48001235221-how-to-enable-and-rebill-lc-email-validation)
  * [Mailgun API Key - Where to Find in Mailgun & Put in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48000981682-mailgun-api-key-where-to-find-in-mailgun-put-in-highlevel)
  * [Manage Sub-account Email Settings and Migration in LC Email](/support/solutions/articles/155000002222-manage-sub-account-email-settings-and-migration-in-lc-email)
  * [Trigger - Number Validation](/support/solutions/articles/155000003163-trigger-number-validation)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
