Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Chat Widget](/support/solutions/folders/48000667019)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Chat Widget](/support/solutions/folders/48000667019)
  6. Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Weebly Website

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Weebly Website

Modified on: Fri, 11 Oct, 2024 at 10:15 AM

Are you looking for an easy way to connect with your website visitors and convert them into customers? HighLevel Webchat for Weebly is the perfect solution for you!  
  
In this article, we'll walk you through the steps to start with HighLevel Webchat for Weebly.

#### **Covered in the article**

#### **How to obtain the embed code for web chat for the website:**

#### **Here are detailed steps on how to add a custom chat widget to a Weebly website using different methods:**

#### Method 1: Adding a Custom Chat Widget with Weebly's Header Code Injection Feature

#### Method 2: Adding a Custom Chat Widget with Weebly's Custom HTML/ Embed Code Element

* * *

# **How to obtain the embed code for web chat for the website:**

Copy the embed code from **Sites** > **Chat Widget** > **Get Code**

* * *

## **Here are detailed steps on how to add a custom chat widget to a Weebly website using different methods:**

###   
**Method 1:  **Adding a Custom Chat Widget with Weebly's Header Code Injection Feature

  * Log in to your Weebly account and navigate to the website editor.
  * Click on "Settings" 

  * In the left-hand menu and select "SEO" from the options.

  * Scroll down to the "Header Code Injection" section and click "Edit".
  * Paste the code into the "Header Code Injection" box in Weebly.

  * Click "Save" to save your changes.  

* * *

### **Method 2:  **Adding a Custom Chat Widget with Weebly's Custom HTML/ Embed Code Element

  * Log in to your Weebly account and navigate to the website editor.
  * Click on "Elements" in the left-hand menu and select "Custom HTML/Embed Code" from the options.
  * Drag and drop the Custom HTML element onto your page where you want the chat widget to appear.

  * Paste the Chat code into the Custom HTML element in Weebly.
  * Click "Publish" to save your changes.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)
  * [Overview of Chat Widget Customizations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002960-overview-of-chat-widget-customizations)
  * [How To Automatically Add Email Addresses & Phone Numbers From FB Chat Into Contact Record](/support/solutions/articles/48001173609-how-to-automatically-add-email-addresses-phone-numbers-from-fb-chat-into-contact-record)
  * [Use Google Analytics (GA4) to Track Website and Chat Widget Activity](/support/solutions/articles/155000002178-use-google-analytics-ga4-to-track-website-and-chat-widget-activity)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Squarespace Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239760-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-squarespace-website)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Duda Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239775-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-duda-website)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Wix Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239773-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-wix-website)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
