Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How to find hidden or broken elements in email?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to find hidden or broken elements in email?

Modified on: Wed, 25 May, 2022 at 7:09 AM

### **How to view hidden or broken elements?  **

Sometimes users reduce the height or width of elements up to such extent or reduce padding up to some extent that element does not remain visible due to which we can not select\edit that element email builder for all such scenarios we have a feature to view the complete element tree of your template. 

**Manage Template:  **You will see a burger menu at bottom of the Content tab of the email builder as shown below fig once you click on that menu, it will open a Layer section.

You can click on the plus icon to view all child elements within that section

It will automatically scroll to an element in the email builder when you **hover** on an element in Tree

If I reduce the height of the top image up to 1O px it will not be visible in the email builder

Now, you can reach that image through Manage Template Menu, just hover the first image in the first section. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Drip](/support/solutions/articles/155000003360-workflow-action-drip)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)
  * [Bulk Send SMS via Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/155000003859-bulk-send-sms-via-contacts)
  * [Bulk Actions For Contacts & SmartLists](/support/solutions/articles/48001167703-bulk-actions-for-contacts-smartlists)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
