Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Click-To-Call, Click-To-Text, and Click-To-Email Links &a...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Click-To-Call, Click-To-Text, and Click-To-Email Links & Buttons

Modified on: Sun, 29 Dec, 2019 at 11:06 AM

How to make links and buttons that people can click or tap to call or tap to email

Click-to-call buttons/links are a great way to reduce friction for the end use and increase conversion, especially on mobile devices, by allowing them to simply click or tap a button/link to launch a phone call. 

### Click-To-Call Buttons

Creating click-to-call buttons in the funnel builder is easy thanks to the actions dropdown:

### Click-To-Text Buttons

You can also use the Button Actions dropdown to select the "Click To SMS", which will open up your phone or computer's default messaging service. 

### Click-To-Call Text Links

To create a text link that people can click/tap to initiate a phone call:

  1. Add a Paragraph element
  2. Type the phone number
  3. Highlight the whole number and click the "Add A Link" icon, then type tel: followed by the + symbol then the country code (01 for US numbers) then the number.
  4. Hit Enter to save

So if the phone number you want to make a link for is 555-555-5555, you would enter tel:+015555555555 then hit enter: 

### Click-To-Email Links

To make a text link that people can click/tap to open up an email pre-addressed to a email address of your choosing: 

  1. Add a Paragraph element
  2. Type the text you want to make a link
  3. Highlight the text and click the "Add A Link" icon, then type mailto: followed by the email address.
  4. Hit Enter to save

So if the email we wanted people to be able to send to via this link were [chase@gohighlevel.com,](mailto:chase@gohighlevel.com,) we would enter [mailto:chase@gohighlevel.com](mailto:chase@gohighlevel.com) then hit enter: 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Scroll to elements or sections in websites or funnels](/support/solutions/articles/48001158589-scroll-to-elements-or-sections-in-websites-or-funnels)
  * [How to import a Funnel From ClickFunnels?](/support/solutions/articles/48000980322-how-to-import-a-funnel-from-clickfunnels-)
  * [Font Weight in Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/articles/155000002772-font-weight-in-funnels-and-websites)
  * [Hide and Show Elements on Button Click (Funnels & Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001660-hide-and-show-elements-on-button-click-funnels-websites-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
