Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. How to authorize card payments in Websites

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to authorize card payments in Websites

Modified on: Thu, 15 Dec, 2022 at 9:32 AM

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### How to authorize card payments in Websites

#### How Authorization Works

#### Setting up Authorization

* * *

## **How to authorize card payments in Websites**

(Version 2)

* * *

## **How Authorization Works**

  * This is **not  **turned on by default  and will require a couple of quick extra steps, covered below
  * The system will remove the monetary value placed in the "authorized amount" from the client's bank account before crediting it back later.
  * If the account does not have the funds during the authorization process, they will not be allowed to continue to the next step.
  * Upon authorization approval, the system will credit back the account for the amount used to authorize.
  * If you have any "**Trial days** " attached to the plan, those will kick in as soon as the card is authorized.
  * Funds may take up to 5 business days before being returned to the client's bank account
  * It**ONLY  **works with _Subscriptions and Payment  _plans.  
**  
**

**Please Note:  **

    If you would like to authorize payment before purchase for all your plans, this process will need to be repeated for each plan attached to the payment form.  
      
    If you are using Version 1 of the Website builder, [click here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204314)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204314)**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204314)****[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204314)**

**Related article:**  [What's the difference between Version 1 & Version 2 of the page builders](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204164)

* * *

## **Setting up Authorization**

**1\. Head into the website and find the step where the order form is placed**

Click on the **"3 dots"**

**2\. Click on "Products"**

If you do not see any products attached to your page, you will need to add them before continuing. 

**3\. Click on the "Edit" icon**

This will open the product settings. In this example, there are two plans (monthly $149 & Annual $1490) where "Authorization" will need to be turned on.

First, we will start with plan 1 (monthly $149), then _  return and repeat this process for plan 2_ (Annual plan $1490).

**4\. Scroll to the bottom and click on "Additional Options"**

**5\. Click on "Custom Authorization" and add your amount**

**Please Note:**

    Keep in mind the amount you place here will be deducted from the clients account.  
      
    If the funds are unavailable they will not be able to proceed. In this example: The system will take "$1" out of the clients account and then refund the "$1" back.  
      
    The refund process may take up to 5 business days before returning the amount taken. ONLY works with Subscriptions and Payment plans.  
      
    **The number should be:  
    ** equal to or more than 1,   
    number of decimals should be just two.   
    Should NOT be a negative number

**6\. Click on "Save."**

Make sure to hit "**Save** ". That's it.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to set up the NMI integration?](/support/solutions/articles/48001235741-how-to-set-up-the-nmi-integration-)
  * [What Payment Gateways supported in Affiliate manager for Product Sales?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003656-what-payment-gateways-supported-in-affiliate-manager-for-product-sales-)
  * [Authorize.net integration for processing payments](/support/solutions/articles/48001231144-authorize-net-integration-for-processing-payments)
  * [How to authorize card payments using the old Website builder](/support/solutions/articles/48001204314-how-to-authorize-card-payments-using-the-old-website-builder)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
