Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reputation Management & Reviews](/support/solutions/48000449583)
  4. [Review Requests](/support/solutions/folders/48000666025)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reputation Management & Reviews](/support/solutions/48000449583)
     * [Review Requests](/support/solutions/folders/48000666025)
  6. Call Tracking and Missed Call Text Back Through Google Bu...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Call Tracking and Missed Call Text Back Through Google Business Profile

Modified on: Tue, 13 Feb, 2024 at 12:11 AM

Google Business Profile (GBP) allows a business to register two phone numbers, which creates an excellent opportunity for Agencies to track calls generated from Google Business Profile listings while keeping with SEO best practices (i.e.moving the business' real phone number to the secondary slot has not been found to negatively affect rankings).

The HighLevel Google Business Profile integration enables you to automatically move your client's main business number to the secondary slot and add their LeadConnector number to the first slot.

When you toggle on GBP Call Tracking, the following happens: 

  * If the phone number in GBP is already a LeadConnector number from the HighLevel sub-account, nothing will be changed as the business's calls are already being tracked in HighLevel.
  * If the phone number in GBP is also the forwarding number for any of the LeadConnector numbers in the HighLevel sub-account, HighLevel will move the current number to the secondary slot and add the LeadConnector number in the primary slot. 
  * If the phone number in GBP is not the forwarding number for any of the Twilio numbers in the corresponding HighLevel sub-account, HighLevel will move the current number to the secondary slot, add the LeadConnector number in the primary slot, and set the current number as the forwarding number for the LeadConnector number in the HighLevel sub-account.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Reputation Management - How to Customize the Review Request Messages (SMS/Email)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980328-reputation-management-how-to-customize-the-review-request-messages-sms-email-)
  * [How to Dispute a Google Review and Check on the Dispute Status](/support/solutions/articles/48001180761-how-to-dispute-a-google-review-and-check-on-the-dispute-status)
  * [Review widget - Powered By going to Bad request page](/support/solutions/articles/48001181136-review-widget-powered-by-going-to-bad-request-page)
  * [How to fix when the Review Request Email is not sending](/support/solutions/articles/48001204155-how-to-fix-when-the-review-request-email-is-not-sending)

## You may like to read -

  * [Where and how to configure the Missed Call Text Back feature](/support/solutions/articles/48001239140-where-and-how-to-configure-the-missed-call-text-back-feature)
  * [Industry Playbook - Travel & Hospitality](/support/solutions/articles/155000000968-industry-playbook-travel-hospitality)
  * [Industry Playbook - Home Service Business](/support/solutions/articles/155000000961-industry-playbook-home-service-business)
  * [Industry Playbook - Real Estate Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000000966-industry-playbook-real-estate-agency)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
