Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Online Listings](/support/solutions/folders/48000682876)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Online Listings](/support/solutions/folders/48000682876)
  6. How to deploy Yext directly without charging the client?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to deploy Yext directly without charging the client?

Modified on: Wed, 24 Jan, 2024 at 5:49 AM

If you wish to deploy Yext for your client but you do not wish to charge them, you can choose to purchase Yext online listings on their behalf. 

In order to do this, please visit agency view -> sub-accounts -> search for the account -> then click on "Manage Client" on the sub-account card

Then scroll down to the Yext reselling section. Acknowledge the check box and click on Pay now to proceed with direct deployment of Yext. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc](/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc)
  * [How to Resell Yext Listings to Your Clients](/support/solutions/articles/155000001901-how-to-resell-yext-listings-to-your-clients)
  * [How to deploy Yext directly without charging the client?](/support/solutions/articles/48001210774-how-to-deploy-yext-directly-without-charging-the-client-)
  * [How to sell Yext as part of a SaaS Offer](/support/solutions/articles/48001209150-how-to-sell-yext-as-part-of-a-saas-offer)

## You may like to read -

  * [Reputation - Breaking Down the Reputation Overview Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001222767-reputation-breaking-down-the-reputation-overview-dashboard)
  * [How to Resell Yext Listings to Your Clients](/support/solutions/articles/155000001901-how-to-resell-yext-listings-to-your-clients)
  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [Client Portal Branded Mobile APP -Full Setup Guide For Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000002617-client-portal-branded-mobile-app-full-setup-guide-for-agency)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
