Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar FAQ's](/support/solutions/folders/155000000702)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar FAQ's](/support/solutions/folders/155000000702)
  6. Can I Show Multiple Calendars Without Using a Calendar Gr...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Can I Show Multiple Calendars Without Using a Calendar Group?

Modified on: Tue, 30 Jul, 2024 at 4:03 PM

## **How to display more than one calendar on a page**

**Video Overview:**

****  

**Using Calendar Links:  **

1\. Open each calendar link in a new tab by clicking the link icons for each calendar

2\. Copy the calendar ID from one calendar then then go to the other calendar, add a comma after its ID, paste the other calendar's ID after the comma, and hit enter to reload the page

**Embedding multiple calendars on a funnel page:**

1\. Go to Settings > Appointment Widget and copy the embed code from the first calendar

2\. Go to the funnel page, add a "Custom JS/HTML" element, click "Open Code Editor", and paste the calendar embed code.

3\. In a new tab, go back to Settings > Appointment Widget, change the calendar name dropdown to the second calendar and copy the calendar ID from that calendar

4\. Go back to the funnel page tab that has your Custom JS/HTML element code editor open, add a comma after the calendar ID, paste the second calendar ID, then hit the "Yes, save."

5\. Save your funnel page and preview.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Disable Contact Timezone - How to Remove Ability to Adjust Timezones When Scheduling](/support/solutions/articles/48000982200-disable-contact-timezone-how-to-remove-ability-to-adjust-timezones-when-scheduling)
  * [Can I Show Multiple Calendars Without Using a Calendar Group?](/support/solutions/articles/48001049320-can-i-show-multiple-calendars-without-using-a-calendar-group-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Class Booking Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001236022-class-booking-calendar-overview)
  * [How to Create Service Menus for Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000001161-how-to-create-service-menus-for-calendars)
  * [In App Calendar view](/support/solutions/articles/155000001202-in-app-calendar-view)
  * [Embedding HighLevel Calendars using HTML Code](/support/solutions/articles/48000982201-embedding-highlevel-calendars-using-html-code)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
