Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Unpublished Articles](/support/solutions/folders/155000000878)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Unpublished Articles](/support/solutions/folders/155000000878)
  6. Calls Not Recording

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Calls Not Recording

Modified on: Thu, 29 Sep, 2022 at 12:03 PM

# [](https://app.tango.us/app/workflow/44ce3c9f-c176-4bbb-9f5f-8d9d60fe927e?utm_source=magicCopy&utm_medium=magicCopy&utm_campaign=workflow%20export%20links)

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to enable Call Recording
  * Calls Not Recording
  * Calls Not Loading

# How to enable Call Recording

In the agency view, Click on **Click here to switch** on the top left to go inside the sub-account

Once you are in the subaccount, click on **Settings  **(bottom left)

Click on **Phone Numbers**

Click on the Edit icon to the Twilio number you want to enable Call recording for

Check the checkbox for Call recording (Default message: This call will be recorded for quality assurance)

You could put a few spaces here so it will not announce anything, depending on the regulation where you live if that's allowed.

However, for workflow action Call steps, we will still announce the call recording message.

Click on **Update** to save the changes.

# Calls Not Recording

In order for calls to record, each HighLevel location must have its own corresponding Twilio sub-account. If you use your master Twilio SID and Auth Key for any sub-account, the calls will not record.

# Calls Not Loading

It keeps loading because of some Twilio configuration that makes the call recording encrypted. Please check this article and see if you can disable this option _Enforce HTTP Auth on Media URLs_? 

<https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223183748-Prevent-Unauthorized-Access-to-Your-Media-with-HTTP-Basic-Auth>

Below are the steps to **disable** this option _Enforce HTTP Auth on Media URLs:_

Login to [Twilio Console here](https://www.twilio.com/login)  
  
Go to the top right -> Click Account -> Click Subaccounts  

If there are too many subaccounts inside Twilio, you can go back to HL and copy the Account SIN for that location to search in Twilio:  

Now go back to Twilio with the copied Account SID

Search based on the Twilio Subaccount SID in HighLevel agency settings -> Twilio  
Paste the Account SID here and click on it:

Click into the subaccount so you will see there's an orange text on the top left:

Access the [General SMS Settings page in Twilio Console](https://www.twilio.com/console/sms/settings).

Scroll to the "Enforce HTTP Auth on Media URLs" section, and then select Enable.

Click Save.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Calls Not Recording](/support/solutions/articles/48001076526-calls-not-recording)
  * [Call forwarding number not working](/support/solutions/articles/48001181718-call-forwarding-number-not-working)

## You may like to read -

  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)
  * [Call Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/155000002705-call-reporting)
  * [Workflow Action - IVR Connect Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000003371-workflow-action-ivr-connect-call)
  * [LC Phone Pricing Structure](/support/solutions/articles/48001223556-lc-phone-pricing-structure)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
