Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  6. How to restore a deleted Twilio number

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to restore a deleted Twilio number

Modified on: Mon, 29 Jul, 2024 at 9:28 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * 1\. Log on to Twilio console
  * 2\. Go to the top right -> Click Account -> Click on Subaccounts
  * 3\. If there are too many subaccounts inside Twilio, you can go back to HL and copy the Account SIN for that location to search in Twilio:
  * 4\. Now go back to Twilio with the copied Account SID
  * 5\. Search based on the Twilio Subaccount SID in agency level settings -> Twilio, Paste the Account SID here and click on it:
  * 6\. Once you are in the subaccount inside Twilio
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Related Articles

When you [delete and release a number](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000981428), Twilio will reserve that number for 10 days in case you need it back. After 10 days, you will need to[ reach out to Twilio support ](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us)to get the number back. If the sub-account is on **LC phone** , please [contact HighLevel support](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204857).

By logging in to [Twilio Console](https://console.twilio.com/), you can restore numbers that you released in the past 10 days. Release numbers will show up on Console's **Released Numbers** page. 

# **1\. Log on to[Twilio console](https://console.twilio.com/)**

# **2\. Go to the top right - > Click Account -> Click on Subaccounts  
**

# **3\. If there are too many subaccounts inside Twilio, you can go back to HL and copy the Account SIN for that location to search in Twilio:**  

# **4\. Now go back to Twilio with the copied Account SID**

# **  
**

# **5\. Search based on the Twilio Subaccount SID in agency level settings - > Twilio, Paste the Account SID here and click on it:**

# **6\. Once you are in the subaccount inside Twilio**

Go to **Explore Products** > Scroll down to find **Phone numbers**  

Click on **Phone numbers** :

Expand **Phone Numbers** on the left menu > **Manage** > **Released numbers**

Simply click on the **Repurchase** Number button

Note that the action is considered to be repurchasing the phone number, so you'll be charged the monthly fee upon performing the action.

If you don't see numbers you wish to restore anymore on the Released Numbers page, please [contact Twilio support for help](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us). 

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

Currently no frequently asked questions. Submit feedback on this article to help is add questions to this section!

* * *

# **Related Articles**

  * [Restoring a previously released phone number](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223183108-Restoring-a-previously-released-phone-number)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [How to use the client's own Twilio account for the location?](/support/solutions/articles/48001220001-how-to-use-the-client-s-own-twilio-account-for-the-location-)
  * [How to Assign Twilio Phone Numbers to Users](/support/solutions/articles/48001152124-how-to-assign-twilio-phone-numbers-to-users)
  * [An error has occured. Please try again. Error message: The From phone number is not a valid, SMS-capable inbound phone number or short code for your account.](/support/solutions/articles/48001180919-an-error-has-occured-please-try-again-error-message-the-from-phone-number-is-not-a-valid-sms-capa)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
