Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Agency Reporting](/support/solutions/48000455606)
  4. [Rolled Up Reporting](/support/solutions/folders/48000687582)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Agency Reporting](/support/solutions/48000455606)
     * [Rolled Up Reporting](/support/solutions/folders/48000687582)
  6. Agency Rolled-up Reporting

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Agency Rolled-up Reporting

Modified on: Thu, 21 Dec, 2023 at 9:57 PM

    Agency Rolled-up Reporting is live for all customers on the **$497 plan**. To activate this please head into your '**Agency settings** ' and click on '**Sub-Accounts** '

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Why build Agency Rolled-up Reporting?
    * How does it work?
    * When should I start using it?
    * Here are some benefits of rolled-up reporting:
  * What's included in the 'Rolled-up Report'
      * Let's take a look and define what each column header is, and where the data is derived from:
      * Active user: 
      * Contact: 
      * Submission:
      * Call: 
      * SMS:
      * Email:
      * Facebook:
      * GMB:
      * Instagram:
      * Appointment:
      * Review:
      * Sentiment:
      * Conversations:  

* * *

## Why build Agency Rolled-up Reporting?

Agency rolled-up reporting gives you a full view of all your accounts under one roof. With this report, you get a clear overview of your entire agency's performance. The goal is to provide agency owners with data and insights that enable them to take informed decisions about their company and improve the performance of their sub-accounts.

##   
How does it work?

Rolled-up reporting allows you to roll up any account into another account. For instance, if you want to know how many leads came from Facebook Ads, you can simply roll up your Facebook Ads account into your main account.

##   
When should I start using it?

As soon as it's accessible in labs! Knowledge is power and within that lies great opportunity. Rolled-up reporting allows you to compare your overall marketing and automation performance across multiple sub-accounts anytime.

##   
Here are some benefits of rolled-up reporting:

  * You can easily spot trends and patterns in your data
  * You can quickly analyze your performance over time
  * You can easily track changes in your performance

In conclusion, rolled-up reporting helps you to gain insights into your agency's performance.  

* * *

# What's included in the '**Rolled-up Report** '

### Let's take a look and define what each column header is, and where the data is derived from:

###   

### **Active user:  **

  * An active user is one logged in at least once in the chosen timeframe either on the web or on a phone (both IOS and android). 
  * We will show this in this format - 79/100 where 79 is the count of active users and 100 is the count of total users in the location that were created during the chosen timeframe.
  * A user could be both a location admin or a location agent

###   
**Contact:  **

  * Count of contacts in that location that are created within the chosen timeframe

###   
**Submission:**

  * **Product forms** \- Count of total submissions on all forms created in the CRM within the chosen timeframe
  * **Surveys  **\- Count of total submissions on all surveys created on the CRM within the chosen timeframe
  * **FB forms**

###   
**Call:**  

  * **Inbound calls** \- Count of all the calls that contact made to the location admin/user within the chosen timeframe
  * **Outbound calls  **\- Count of all the calls the sub-account admin/user made to contact. This will not include automated calls.
  * **Talk time  **\- The summation of the total duration of calls that happened between the user and the contact

###   
**SMS:**

  * **Inbound SMS** \- Count all the SMS that contact sent to the location admin/user within the chosen timeframe. 
  * **Outbound SMS** \- Count all the SMS the sub-account admin/user sent to a contact. This will not include automated SMS.

###   
**Email:**

  * **Inbound emails** \- Count of all the emails that a contact sent to the location admin/user within the chosen timeframe
  * **Outbound emails** \- Count all the SMS the sub-account admin/user sent to a contact. This will not include automated emails.

###   
**Facebook:**

  * **Inbound texts** \- Count of all the texts that a contact sent to the location admin/user within the chosen timeframe through Facebook
  * **Outbound texts** \- Count all the texts the sub-account admin/user sent to a contact. This will not include automated texts.

###   
**GMB:**

  * **Inbound texts** \- Count of all the texts that a contact sent to the location admin/user within the chosen timeframe through GMB
  * **Outbound texts  **\- Count all the texts the sub-account admin/user sent to a contact. This will not include automated texts.

###   
**Instagram:**

  * **Inbound texts  **\- Count of all the texts that a contact sent to the location admin/user within the chosen timeframe through IG
  * **Outbound texts** \- Count all the texts the sub-account admin/user sent to a contact. This will not include automated texts.

###   
**Appointment:**

  * Count all the appointments that were created within the chosen timeframe irrespective of what status the appointment is in.
  * We need the counts of created appointments only

###   
**Review:**

  * Count of reviews received for that location

###   
**Sentiment:**

  * **Positive** \- Count all positive sentiments
  * **Negative** \- Count of all negative sentiments

### **Conversations:**

  * **Unread** \- Count of all unread conversations
  * **Missed** \- If the initial inbound message isn't responded to within 5 minutes, the conversation will be marked as a Missed Conversation. This rule is only applicable to new conversations.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Agency Rolled-up Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001224166-agency-rolled-up-reporting)
  * [How to schedule and send email reports to your sub-accounts?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236324-how-to-schedule-and-send-email-reports-to-your-sub-accounts-)
  * [How can agencies export their client list?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000585-how-can-agencies-export-their-client-list-)

## You may like to read -

  * [User / Agent Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001183037-user-agent-reporting)
  * [Call Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/155000002705-call-reporting)
  * [Marketplace App Distribution Type](/support/solutions/articles/155000002141-marketplace-app-distribution-type)
  * [How to duplicate a dashboard to another sub-account](/support/solutions/articles/155000001571-how-to-duplicate-a-dashboard-to-another-sub-account)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
