Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to connect to your LinkedIn Profile(s) and Page(s)?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to connect to your LinkedIn Profile(s) and Page(s)?

Modified on: Thu, 9 May, 2024 at 1:49 PM

# **Connect Linkedin Profile and Page(s)**

## **Step 1:  **The first step is to log into the sub-account and go to **Marketing** , click on the **Social Planner.**

##   
**Step 2:** On Visiting Social Planner, there will be a wizard with connect option, or after visiting the overview of Social Planner will have a **Setting option (gear icon)**

##   
**Step 3:  **After clicking **Add Linkedin Profile/Page(s)** , there will be an option to add them.

**Note  **

    Make sure that your personal LinkedIn account is a Super admin of the Page you want to add to Social Planner.

##   
**Step 4:** If you are connecting it first time inside Social Planner, you will be required to**  provide the permissions** for the social planner.

## **Step 5:** Next step is to **choose the Linkedin Profile and Page(s)  **for the social planner

## **Step 6:** You can manage the accounts from the Setting Icon

* * *

# **FAQ**

### **Why can't I share or repost my posts on LinkedIn?**

Posts created on a LinkedIn page from any third-party apps do not have the "**Share** " and "**Repost** " options, this is the limitation LinkedIn has set for its pages. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to post PDF's as photos in a LinkedIn carousel post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004058-how-to-post-pdf-s-as-photos-in-a-linkedin-carousel-post-)
  * [Failed Post Error in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001218255-failed-post-error-in-social-planner)
  * [How to clear Linkedin link preview cache?](/support/solutions/articles/48001160721-how-to-clear-linkedin-link-preview-cache-)
  * [How to find Leads for your business using Prospecting Tool](/support/solutions/articles/155000003170-how-to-find-leads-for-your-business-using-prospecting-tool)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
