Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
  4. [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
     * [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  6. How to add Client Spend to Google/Facebook Ad Reporting?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to add Client Spend to Google/Facebook Ad Reporting?

Modified on: Mon, 5 Sep, 2022 at 9:05 AM

Client Spend setting is _only_ visible to the Agency Admin and Agency users. The Agency can set the markup value in the setting beside Client Spend. 

**Client Spend = Cost of all the ads + Management Fees  **

* * *

## Where to find and add Client Spend   

Add your monthly management fee to your client's ad spend. These markup fees will be added to all cost-related metrics.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Understanding Attribution Source (Ad Reporting)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219997-understanding-attribution-source-ad-reporting-)
  * [Understanding Google Ad Reporting Terminology](/support/solutions/articles/48001219241-understanding-google-ad-reporting-terminology)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001219312-how-to-set-up-google-ad-reporting)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Precautionary Tracking Script](/support/solutions/articles/48001219356-how-to-set-up-google-ad-precautionary-tracking-script)

## You may like to read -

  * [Reporting FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002087-reporting-faqs)
  * [Campaign budget definition: Connect-Your-Own Meta Business Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003050-campaign-budget-definition-connect-your-own-meta-business-manager)
  * [Understanding Facebook Ad Reporting Terminology](/support/solutions/articles/48001220949-understanding-facebook-ad-reporting-terminology)
  * [Understanding Google Ad Reporting Terminology](/support/solutions/articles/48001219241-understanding-google-ad-reporting-terminology)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
