Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  6. Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the clie...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account

Modified on: Thu, 25 Jul, 2024 at 3:47 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * 1\. Create a support ticket with Twilio support 
  * 2\. Copy and paste this email 
  * 3\. Submit Your Request

    Please provide the **Location ID** to our support team that you are trying to move the Twilio number(s) from so we can identify the ISV account's Account SID for you

# **1\. Create a support ticket with Twilio support**** **

#### With the Subject: **Moving numbers request  **([Click here for Twilio Support in a new window](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360048500694-Contacting-Twilio-Support))

****

# **2\. Copy and paste this email  **

#### CC: migration@leadconnectorhq.com and click add ( **+** ) so we can approve your request.

Hi Twilio Support, 

I would like to move the following phone numbers to a new sub-account - 

__**+1 PASTE_TWILIO_NUMBER_HERE**  __

Losing sub-account SID -  

please [contact HighLevel support](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001204857-ways-to-get-highlevel-support-24-) to get the ISV location's Twilio sub-account SID __**where the number is currently in**__** ** for you

Gaining sub-account SID -  

__**E.g. AC8a0eac4ea7651eba06137bbf1a907df62d < Replace your own Twilio sub-account SID here **__

Time-frame: ASAP 

Please process this request at the earliest because it is business-critical for me 

Thanks! 

**  
**

Product:**  Phone numbers**

Business Impact:

**P2 Degraded - Twilio or your configuration is not functioning properly or intermittently**

#   

# **3\. Submit Your Request**

Please click on "No" at the bottom

****

Click on

**SUBMIT HELP REQUEST**

****

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

Currently no frequently asked questions. Submit feedback on this article to help is add questions to this section!

* * *

# **Related Articles**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [How to Disable LC Phone System for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001231698-how-to-disable-lc-phone-system-for-your-agency)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Porting your telephone number (non-Twilio number) to a location](/support/solutions/articles/48001211919-porting-your-telephone-number-non-twilio-number-to-a-location)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
