Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. 301 Redirects For Domains

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# 301 Redirects For Domains

Modified on: Tue, 30 Jan, 2024 at 12:57 PM

To create 301 redirects, go to "Sites" > "URL Redirects" (in the top navigation menu)

The URL Redirect feature gives you four options for redirecting a domain:

  1. Redirect to another URL
  2. Redirect to a step in a funnel 
  3. Redirect to a page in a website
  4. Redirect to all paths (REGEX)

**

_Redirect Type: URL_**

Redirect one URL to a another url

**Notes** :

    The domain you are redirecting from must already be added to your HighLevel sub-account.
    
    In the "Path" field, follow the placeholder example, including a "/" in the field followed directly with the new path after the "/". 
    
    The "Target URL" needs be a full, valid URL.

**

_Redirect Type: Funnel  _**

The Funnel redirect, allows you to 301 redirect a url to a step in an existing funnel that is linked with a domain within the subaccount.

**_Redirect Type: website  _**

Website redirect allows you to 301 redirect a url to a HighLevel Website page. Only those websites that are linked to a domain can be used here.

##   

**_Redirect Type: ALL_**

Redirect all paths from one URL to all paths of another URL. It is particularly useful when you have a "www" domain (www.mydomain.com) and a root domain (mydomain.com) wherein you can keep all of your paths on one website within HighLevel (e.g. mydomain.com/about-us) and then redirect all paths from www.mydomain.com to the root domain, thereby including www.mydomain.com/about-us without having to add a redirect for each path or maintain two websites. 

*This is also known as a REGEX redirect.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How To Redirect HighLevel Domains (www to non-www)](/support/solutions/articles/48001065407-how-to-redirect-highlevel-domains-www-to-non-www-)
  * [Understanding the Potential Delivery Issues of Text Messages with Shortened URLs](/support/solutions/articles/48001240115-understanding-the-potential-delivery-issues-of-text-messages-with-shortened-urls)
  * [How to set up Root Domain/Subdomain for your Funnels/Websites?](/support/solutions/articles/48001153720-how-to-set-up-root-domain-subdomain-for-your-funnels-websites-)
  * [Typeform to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003331-typeform-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
