Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. Email Statistics

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Email Statistics

Modified on: Tue, 1 Aug, 2023 at 5:14 PM

**_Types of email statistics_**

  * Recipients
  * Successful Delivery
  * Opened
  * Clicked
  * Soft Bounces
  * Hard Bounces
  * Unsubscribed
  * Failed
  * Spam
  * Where will email statistics show for every email activity?
    * Workflow email stats
    * Campaigns email stats
    * Bulk actions email stats

**Introduction:**

Tracking your emails is an important part of being a good sender and learning about how your users interact with your email. Every Campaign provides basic statistics along with granular details.

# **Recipients**

The number of contacts that you requested to send emails

# **Successful Delivery**

The number of emails SMTP was able to confirm were actually delivered to a recipient.

# **Opened**

The total number of times your emails were opened by recipients.

# **Clicked**

The email recipient clicked on a link in the email, the CNAME record must be pointing to mailgun.org.

# **Soft Bounces**

The email was not delivered as the recipient's server is unavailable or their inbox is full.

# **Hard Bounces**

The email was not delivered as the email address was not existent or blocked email address.

# **Unsubscribed**

The number of recipients who have unsubscribed from your emails. Unsubscribe events are triggered when the end recipient clicks the unsubscribe appended in the email footer. [Note - Once the contact has unsubscribed, it will not be possible to send the email to them. It would require a special request with acceptable reasons as the contact will have made a diligent choice to unsubscribe]

# **Failed**

This happens when the API keys are not valid, the user needs to configure the valid API keys or the number of recipients that you sent emails to, who have malformed email addresses, or whose mail provider reported the address as invalid.

# **Spam**

The number of recipients who have marked your email as spam.

There is a button named Load more statistics with the details of **Recipients that delivered, opened, clicked, unsubscribed, spam, or failed.**

# Where will email statistics show for every email activity?

## **Workflow email stats**

Click on the Email step -> Click Statistics on the top right

## **Campaigns email stats**

Make sure that the date filter includes the date range you are looking for. When stats suddenly go missing, usually it's because the stats are in the last year/month.

SMTP integration will show opened and clicked only, we will not be able to fetch delivered/bounced stats.

Only mailgun will be able to show full stats

## **Bulk actions email stats**

Click on the **Successful %** to view more statistics

Related article:

[How to set up a workflow to action based on email event clicked or opened](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001208599-how-to-set-up-a-workflow-to-action-based-on-email-event-clicked-or-opened)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to analyze workflow campaigns?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003902-how-to-analyze-workflow-campaigns-)
  * [Troubleshooting Email statistics](/support/solutions/articles/48001208601-troubleshooting-email-statistics)
  * [Bot Detection Preventing Statistics Increment and Automation Execution](/support/solutions/articles/155000002954-bot-detection-preventing-statistics-increment-and-automation-execution)
  * [Using the Inline Forms/ Surveys Element in email campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000003912-using-the-inline-forms-surveys-element-in-email-campaign)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
