Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to check your Instagram profile type

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to check your Instagram profile type

Modified on: Thu, 14 Apr, 2022 at 3:15 AM

#### If you’re not sure what type of Instagram profile you have, here’s how to find out:

####   

#### 1\. In the Instagram app, go to your profile, and then select the profile menu in the top right of the screen.

#### 2\. Select **Settings** from the list, and then select **Account**.

#### 3\. On the **Account** page, scroll to the bottom. The options you see there tell you what type of Instagram profile you currently have.

  * Personal profiles show the **Switch to Professional Account** option.
  * Creator profiles show the **Switch account type > Switch to a personal account **and **Switch to business account options.**
  * Business profiles show the **Switch account type > Switch to a personal account** and **Switch to creator account options.**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Facebook Lead Ad Integration & Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48000987779-facebook-lead-ad-integration-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect your Instagram business or creator account with your Facebook account?](/support/solutions/articles/48001213003-how-to-connect-your-instagram-business-or-creator-account-with-your-facebook-account-)
  * [How to connect Instagram Business account with Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001213062-how-to-connect-instagram-business-account-with-social-planner)
  * [How to schedule Posts in Bulk on the Social Planner (CSV)](/support/solutions/articles/48001223431-how-to-schedule-posts-in-bulk-on-the-social-planner-csv-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
