Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  6. How to check logs for a specific text message if you are ...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to check logs for a specific text message if you are connected to your own Twilio account

Modified on: Fri, 19 May, 2023 at 4:36 AM

Twilio offers several tools for investigating the interaction between Twilio and your application. If a message fails to go through, is delayed, or otherwise behaves unexpectedly, these tools should be your first stops for debugging.

* * *

## **How to navigate to the Messaging Logs and how to use them?**

You can view the error logs for your Twilio account by going to the Twilio Console. You can use this log to get an idea of which Twilio resources may be affected and who was responsible for them.

Log on to Twilio <https://console.twilio.com/>

Go to the top right -> Click Account -> Click Subaccounts  

If there are too many subaccounts inside Twilio, you can go back to HL and copy the Account SIN for that location to search in Twilio:  

Now go back to Twilio with the copied Account SID

Search based on the Twilio Subaccount SID in agency level settings -> Twilio  
Paste the Account SID here and click on it:  

Once you are in the subaccount inside Twilio

Head to the Left panel, Click **Monitor** > **Logs** > **Messaging**  

Put the contact's phone number (remove all phone format) in the FROM / TO field:

FROM field: Contact's incoming SMS

TO field: Outgoing SMS

Put the lead's phone number (remove all phone format) in the TO field:  

****  

From there, look for the message where the problem happened. Click the hyperlinked dates to go deeper into the details for each message. You’ll notice messages that don't hit a  200   are highlighted in either yellow or red.  

As you can see above, each log line includes the number of message segments, the message status, TO and FROM numbers, as well as if any media was attached.  
  
If it says delivered but the contact is not receiving it, grab this Message SID and [Create a support ticket with Twilio support](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360048500694-Contacting-Twilio-Support) 

In the detailed view of the message log, you can find the Message SID (Twilio's unique identifier for this message), as well as the time the resource was created, TO and FROM numbers, Delivery Steps, and the Request Inspector.

The Delivery Steps section of this log will show you when the request was created, how long it was queued on Twilio's platform, and when it was sent out to our carrier partner for delivery. These factors can help you determine where an undelivered message failed, or investigate latency issues.

The request inspector shows all requests and responses made when sending or receiving this message. You can easily see errors on requests by the color-coded status on the right of a request.  

In the above response, we can see that we received a 404 response because Twilio was unable to find the tunnel for the webhook we set up for messages.  

If you hover over the records, it will preview the content of the message. 

How to Check if the Twilio number is MMS capable:

**  
**

**1\. Go to Explore Products > Scroll down to find Phone numbers  

**

2\. Click **Phone numbers** :

**3\. Check if the number has MMS capabilities, or if the number can send/receive SMS to domestic numbers only**

****  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [SMS Contains Pieces of Code](/support/solutions/articles/48000979914-sms-contains-pieces-of-code)
  * [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152123-sms-still-coming-from-old-twilio-number-when-i-got-a-new-one-)
  * [Incoming SMS only shows up in Conversation / not forwarding to the forwarding number](/support/solutions/articles/48001156789-incoming-sms-only-shows-up-in-conversation-not-forwarding-to-the-forwarding-number)

## You may like to read -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [Common Unsuccessful SMS errors](/support/solutions/articles/48001208912-common-unsuccessful-sms-errors)
  * [How to check logs for a specific Call in Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48001229978-how-to-check-logs-for-a-specific-call-in-twilio)
  * [Call Events Not Working for Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981465-call-events-not-working-for-twilio)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
