Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
  4. [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
     * [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  6. First Steps to be a Successful HighLevel Affiliate

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# First Steps to be a Successful HighLevel Affiliate

Modified on: Mon, 13 Feb, 2023 at 1:35 PM

### ***Do you have an active HighLevel Agency? You can manage your affiliate account in your Affiliate Portal*  
**  

First Steps to Take Once You Become a HighLevel Affiliate

Congratulations! You are a HighLevel affiliate! 

As an affiliate, you will make a 40% commission on every referral you bring in that signs on to HighLevel. You can make a commission on every HighLevel subscription plan, including the Starter $97 plan, $297 Agency Freelancer plan, and the $497 Agency Pro plan. Those are called Tier 1 referrals. You will also earn an additional 5% for Your Tier 2 referrals, which your original client brings in. 

This is a great way to bring in extra income, and you were probably already talking about HighLevel before you even became an affiliate, so why not make some extra cash while you do? 

So now that you are officially a HighLevel affiliate, this article will walk you through the first things you should do once you set up your affiliate account or send out your first referral link! 

#   

# Step 1: Log in to First Promoter

First Promoter is an affiliate and referrals tracking system for SaaS and subscription services. Their website description states, “FirstPromoter is an all-in-one platform that allows SaaS companies to track, manage and optimize any type of referral-based marketing programs.”

To access your account go to [](http://affiliate.highlevel.com)[gohighlevel.firstpromoter.com](http://gohighlevel.firstpromoter.com)

This is where you will manage and track all of your affiliate work. You can see who has clicked on your link, your earnings, customers, and more.   

## Make sure you have Tipalti set up! 

If you have an active HighLevel agency, you can set up Tipalti in your [**affiliate portal.  **](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001202637)

If you are an affiliate for HighLevel and do not have an active HighLevel subscription, please get in touch with support** ** to receive a Tipalti setup link[  
](https://suppliers.tipalti.com/highlevel/Account/Login)  

If you already have a Tipalti account and need to log in. Click the image above!

#   
Step 2: Get Familiar with the First Promoter Dashboard

When you go to your dashboard, you can see how many customers, referrals, clicks, and unpaid earnings you have. 

You will be able to follow through and look at everyone you’ve brought onto the platform, who is still a lead.

You will also be able to view everyone your customers have brought on in the Sub-affiliates tab. 

You will also be able to track your referrals, your rewards, and more. 

On the first promoter title tab click on the “Assets” tab. This gives you access to all of the marketing assets that HighLevel provides to affiliates. 

#   

# Now that You’ve Finished the First Couple of Steps, What’s Next? 

You should get to know the HighLevel platform and bring on those first few affiliates to your account. 

If you are still interested in learning more about the HighLevel Platform, we recommend going to [gohighlevel.com/events](http://gohighlevel.com/events) and checking out our upcoming calendar of events. 

Every weekday we offer a Daily Q&A or a Weekly Affiliate Department Q&A every Tuesday. 

During these events, we go over HighLevel features, common problems people might have, and ways to troubleshoot them.  Connecting with our clients is a major part of our mission, and we want to utilize every opportunity we can to make sure they understand how to use the platform effectively and efficiently. 

Bonus: We also have a monthly Affiliate Hangout, which we post about in our Facebook Group (Are you in the group yet?) and right here on the calendar of events. 

# Don’t Forget About Our YouTube Channel! 

We have a dedicated playlist for our affiliates and post all our past Affiliate Hangouts [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ETsNGJpC6g&list=PLUjgZhyQd8yVHFupNY1i8HesBQLM5Vy5i). 

In our Affiliate Hangouts, we talk about:

  * Monthly Milestones

  * Tips we get from Top Affiliates

  * Opportunities

  * Contests

  * & Much More

# Last but Not Least - Check Out Our HighLevel Support Portal

[Here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/48000449591) we have a lot of helpful documents that will guide you on how to be a successful HighLevel affiliate. 

One of the most helpful documents is [5 Ways to Get Your First 5 Affiliates](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates). Give yourself a kickstart to success by reviewing this article to get the best tips and tricks that we’ve seen work for all of our top affiliates. 

#   

# Last but not least, check out the Affiliate Welcome Course!

This Welcome Course will teach you everything you need to begin earning passive, recurring income with Highlevel.  
  
<https://gohighlevel.com/passiveincome>  

That’s a Wrap!

These are all of the steps we recommend our affiliates do as soon as they decide to begin their affiliate journey with HighLevel. 

If you have any questions or need advice on boosting your affiliate account, please contact our support chat, [](mailto:Kelsi@gohighlevel.com)and we will be happy to chat with you! 

Good Luck on your journey, and remember, “Results happen over time, not overnight. Work hard, stay consistent, and be patient!”

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [Creating Affiliate Links from HighLevel Landing Pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001209303-creating-affiliate-links-from-highlevel-landing-pages)
  * [How to use Affiliate Portal](/support/solutions/articles/48001202637-how-to-use-affiliate-portal)
  * [How to find your Affiliate Customers and Commission in your Affiliate Portal](/support/solutions/articles/48001217006-how-to-find-your-affiliate-customers-and-commission-in-your-affiliate-portal)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
