Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
  4. [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
     * [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  6. Affiliate Payouts: Where, How, When Can I Get Paid?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Affiliate Payouts: Where, How, When Can I Get Paid?

Modified on: Wed, 14 Feb, 2024 at 12:23 PM

* * *

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### **Tipalti is a more robust payment system!**

#### New Payment Methods:

#### A quick onboarding experience:

#### A “one-stop shop” for your payments:

#### **What You Need To Do Next**

#### **How do I set up Tipalti?**

#### **Haven’t received your payment yet?**

#### **FAQ**

#### Q: Can I use a different payment processor/method other than Tipalti?

#### Q: Where can I learn more about Tipalti?

#### Q: Is there a login portal for Tipalti?

#### Q: What are the payout dates?

#### Q: I got an email from Tipalti saying my setup was complete. Can you confirm?

#### Q: I got a commission of $30 but I don't see that as a payout I am getting?

#### **Errors you may encounter when setting up Tipalti/Tax Forms/Affiliate Portal**

#### **I have had a pending payment that looks to be stuck on my dashboard.**

**Certificate of No US Activities**  

* * *

## **Tipalti is a more robust payment system!**

Tipalti is a leading global payment automation service which is our new, sole payment system effective. To ensure a smooth transition onto the new payment platform, here is what you should expect:

### **New Payment Methods:**

For US-based affiliates: Direct Deposit, PayPal, or Debit Card

For International affiliates: ACH Transfers, PayPal, or Debit Card

### **A quick onboarding experience:**

The account can be set up in minutes

The registration process allows you to choose and set up your preferred payment method

In-app ability to complete required tax forms

###   
**A “one-stop shop” for your payments:**

Instant access to your payment status and history

Ability to make changes to your payment method

* * *

## **What You Need To Do Next**

  * All affiliates have already received an email invitation to register for an account with Tipalti. The 3-step registration process will walk you through everything necessary to be compliant with being paid as an affiliate!
  * **If your current link is expired, or have any questions please reach out to affiliatepayments@gohighlevel.com**
  * The quick account set-up process must be completed by January 14th in order to receive payments for your January commissions.
  * Refer to the “**[FAQs](https://payees.tipalti.com/Content/FAQs.htm)** ” on the registration process and tax forms.
  * Please note that full transition to the Tipalti payment platform is mandatory for all affiliates.

We are excited to offer you a more robust payment system! As always, we are dedicated to providing the highest level of service in order to make this transition as smooth as possible.

* * *

## **How do I set up Tipalti?**

There are a few ways you can set up Tipalti.  

**A.)** If you do not have an active HighLevel account, send an email to **affiliatepayments@gohighlevel.com** and request a Tipalti set-up link!  
  
**B.)** If you have an Active HL subscription you can set up Tipalti within the [**Affiliate Portal!**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001202637)

**1\. Click on Affiliate Portal**  

**2\. Click on Payment Details**

[ __](https://app.tango.us/app/workflow/7d9fbfc2-8183-4458-a4f3-323d25e1021f)

**3\. Fill out your Tipalti setup Information!**  
  
**_Please Note:_**

    These details are viewable with anyone with agency admin permissions. If you do not want other agency users to see this information swap them to an agency user role.
    
    **Agency Settings > Agency Team management(Team)> Edit user > User roles**

* * *

## **Haven’t received your payment yet?**

There are a few reasons why this may be happening.

(1) Your Payout Method isn’t Up To Date  
(2) It’s not one of our payout dates  
(3) We made a mistake!

Take a look at the FAQ for tips on how to ensure your affiliate account is set up and ready to receive payments.

* * *

# **FAQ**

##   

### **Q: Can I use a different payment processor/method other than Tipalti?**

_**A:** As of now all Payouts are through Tipalti. You must set up Tipalti in order to choose your payment method and start receiving Affiliate payouts._

###   
**Q: Where can I learn more about Tipalti?**

_**A:  **You can check out their website here at [tipalti.com](http://tipalti.com) or check out our [short Tipalti introduction FAQ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001205467)_  

### **Q: Is there a login portal for Tipalti?**

_**A:** Yes,_ <https://suppliers.tipalti.com/highlevel/Account/Login>

### **Q: What are the payout dates?**

**A:  **We approve and send all payments on the **15th of each month for all commissions earned the previous month**.   
  
If you already have Tipalti set up and your payment status is **"submitted"** then it's on the way. Depending on your payout method, you should see the payment in 1-3 days.

### **Q: I got an email from Tipalti saying my setup was complete. Can you confirm?**

_**A:** We can! Send an email to our team at [](mailto:mat@gohighlevel.com)**[affiliatepayments@gohighlevel.com](mailto:affiliatepayments@gohighlevel.com)** or open a support ticket and we can check this out for you._  

### **Q: I got a commission of $30 but I don't see that as a payout I am getting?**

**A:** There is a $50 minimum for a payout to be sent out. As soon as your total commissions accrued is higher than $50 you will receive a payout! 

* * *

## **Errors you may encounter when setting up Tipalti/Tax Forms/Affiliate Portal**

**1\. EIN error/ Invalid EIN.**

If you get an email or an error in your affiliate portal your EIN is invalid.

  * 1.) Try to log in to the Tipalti <https://suppliers.tipalti.com/highlevel/Account/Login> and see if you can update your EIN/tax forms, and revalidate the information you have on file.  

  * 2.) You can also login into your affiliate portal in your HL account and re-enter your EIN under Payment Details > Tax Forms.  

  * 3.) If your EIN validation is still failing. Send an email to [affiliatepayments@gohighlevel.com](mailto:affiliatepayments@gohighlevel.com) or make a support ticket and we will be able to look into this for you. Be sure you give us your Affiliate email/Referal link in the ticket.

**2\. Request Failed with Status code 400**

**Please note:**

    Create a support ticket through our portal. Be sure to include your affiliate email and your referral link and title the ticket relating to this affiliate portal issue so we can be sure to see this and look into this asap!

* * *

## **I have had a pending payment that looks to be stuck on my dashboard.**

If you have a payment that looks to be stuck on "pending" it could be that your pending affiliate customer payout is being flagged as a "self-referral"

to Self-referrals flags are auto-generated by FirstPromoter and are usually due to signing up at the same IP address, having the same name & e-mail address, and/or having the same phone number.

We allow consultants/friends to help their clients/friends sign up (sometimes people will sign up next to each other to make sure they click the right link). We do not allow John Doe's Marketing Agency to sign up using John Doe's link (that was an example).

If you do not believe this is the case open a support ticket with us! Be sure to include your affiliate email and your referral link and title the ticket relating to this affiliate portal issue so we can be sure to see this and look into this asap!

For more questions about the affiliate payment policy, please check out our affiliate policy! [gohighlevel.com/affiliate-policy](https://www.gohighlevel.com/affiliate-policy)

* * *

## **Certificate of No US Activities**

In rare cases, your payments may be affected due to a Certificate of No US Activities. In this instance, you should have received a relevant email titled "Certificate of No US Activities - Unpayable Affiliates" from the HighLevel team.   
  
To resolve this, please log into your HighLevel account, and click on the Affiliate Portal to access your dashboard. You may need to update your information within the portal.   
  
If you do not have a HighLevel account, please log into Tipalti and navigate to the tax form page to update your information.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use Affiliate Portal](/support/solutions/articles/48001202637-how-to-use-affiliate-portal)
  * [Affiliate Manager Walkthrough Videos](/support/solutions/articles/155000003636-affiliate-manager-walkthrough-videos)
  * [How to Navigate the Affiliate Profile Page for Efficient Management](/support/solutions/articles/155000003649-how-to-navigate-the-affiliate-profile-page-for-efficient-management)
  * [FAQs for Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003654-faqs-for-affiliates)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
