Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Different Websites/ Funnels versions within the system

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Different Websites/ Funnels versions within the system

Modified on: Fri, 17 Dec, 2021 at 5:01 PM

# **What does the different funnel/website versions mean?**

****

In October of 2021, we introduced an upgrade to page builders (Websites & Funnels) that affected the way they interact with products. 

Pages built before this date will _not_ be labeled but are considered Version 1. Pages built after October, 2021 are _labeled_ "**Version 2** " (see image above). 

For those who recently joined us, you will only see version 2. Rest assured you're on the fastest and newest version (V2). **How to upgrade a _Version 1_ page to** _**  Version 2?**_

##   

## **Lets dive into main differences both below**

Version 1 pages are built on the original system builder. The main differences is _V2 comes_ with a few extra features:

  * ## **[PayPal Payment Processing](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204158)**

  * ## **One step order form**

**  
**

****

**  
**

  * ## **All sales transactions will be shown in the "Payments tab" within your system**

  * ## **Digital products are now created in the payments section and then applied to the order form on the website/funnel step**

**  
**

**1.**  You can [import products from stripe](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001202184)

**2.**** ** Create new product(s) that can then be applied to the order form on the website/ funnel step.

# **FAQ's**

## **How do I upgrade a Version 1 page to Version 2?**

You can do this by clicking on "copy"

First select your location or up to 3 other locations. 

Once you have selected a location the "Clone Funnel" button (blue outline in image below) will be highlighted and clickable. 

Hit the "Clone" button and that's it, your website/funnel has been upgraded.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [Save, Draft and Publish Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/articles/155000001913-save-draft-and-publish-funnels-and-websites)
  * [How to upgrade a Version 1 funnel to Version 2?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204903-how-to-upgrade-a-version-1-funnel-to-version-2-)
  * [Import and or Cloning Funnels & Websites](/support/solutions/articles/48001076117-import-and-or-cloning-funnels-websites)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
