Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  6. Action Required: UK SMS Messages Sent Via International L...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Action Required: UK SMS Messages Sent Via International Long Codes Will Be Blocked from June 1, 2023

Modified on: Wed, 24 May, 2023 at 1:50 AM

If you've recently sent text messages to United Kingdom (UK) mobile numbers using international long codes. Here's what you need to know:

  * Effective from June 1, 2023, UK network operators will block SMS messages sent with international long codes.
  * This change is happening because UK network operators consider the use of international long codes for Application-To-Person (A2P) SMS as an abuse of Person-To-Person (P2P) routes. To comply, SMS messages to the UK must be sent with a local number.

## What do you need to do?

  * Before June 1, 2023, use a local UK number to send A2P messages to the UK:
  * If you are on LC Phone and not sure how to buy an SMS-capable number, please [reach out to support](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204857) so we can buy a mobile UK number for you.
  * If you are not on LC Phone, follow these steps in the Twilio Console:
    * Develop > Phone numbers > Buy a number > Country set to UK > Un-check Voice capabilities
    * This will return a list of numbers you can buy for receiving messages

## What if you don't take action?

Failure to take action will result in the blockage of SMS messages sent to the UK using international long codes starting from June 1, 2023.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [SMS Contains Pieces of Code](/support/solutions/articles/48000979914-sms-contains-pieces-of-code)
  * [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152123-sms-still-coming-from-old-twilio-number-when-i-got-a-new-one-)
  * [Incoming SMS only shows up in Conversation / not forwarding to the forwarding number](/support/solutions/articles/48001156789-incoming-sms-only-shows-up-in-conversation-not-forwarding-to-the-forwarding-number)

## You may like to read -

  * [Unregistered 10DLC Message Fees Will Increase; Register Numbers by June 1, 2023 to Avoid Higher Unregistered Messaging Fees](/support/solutions/articles/48001238099-unregistered-10dlc-message-fees-will-increase-register-numbers-by-june-1-2023-to-avoid-higher-unreg)
  * [Pricing and Fees for the A2P 10DLC Service](/support/solutions/articles/155000000234-pricing-and-fees-for-the-a2p-10dlc-service)
  * [Important Notice: Verify Your Sole Proprietor Brands OTP](/support/solutions/articles/155000000007-important-notice-verify-your-sole-proprietor-brands-otp)
  * [Know Your Customer (KYC) in the United Kingdom](/support/solutions/articles/155000002831-know-your-customer-kyc-in-the-united-kingdom)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
