Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. Failed Post Error in Social Planner

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Failed Post Error in Social Planner

Modified on: Mon, 11 Jul, 2022 at 9:30 AM

There are several instances when social posts fail. Here are all the reasons and solutions to apply to resolve the issues.

| **Failed Message with Solutions**| **Error Code  **  
---|---|---  
Facebook| The Social Account token has expired. Please reconnect the social account. | OAuthException, 102, 109,  
 463, 467  
Facebook| There was a temporary error from Facebook. Give your browser a hard-refresh to clear your cache and retry in a few minutes.| 1, 2, Unexpected Error  
Facebook| The social account token has expired or the connected account does not have permission to post. Please re-connect the social account via an account that has posting permission.| 3  
Facebook| LeadConnector app is missing. Add the LeadConnector to your Page or Group.| 10  
Facebook| The connected account does not have permission to post. Please re-connect the social account via an account that has posting permission.| 200-299  
Facebook| Post content violates community standards.| 368  
Facebook| Duplicate post content. Posting duplicate content within 12 hours is prohibited.| 506  
Facebook| Invalid link in a post.| 1609005  
Facebook| User checkpoint. Log into Facebook and confirm that the LeadConnector app has been added to your page/group.| 459  
Facebook| Password mismatch. Log into Facebook and confirm that the LeadConnector app has been added to your page/group.| 460  
Facebook| Unconfirmed user. Log into Facebook and confirm that the LeadConnector app has been added to your page/group.| 464  
Facebook| Insufficient posting permission or expired token. Reconnect the account and check permissions.| 492  
Facebook| There was a temporary error from Facebook. Give your browser a hard-refresh to clear your cache and retry in a few minutes.| Unexpected Error  
Facebook| Temporary block. Facebook will make you wait a certain period before restoring your profile's ability to post. | Temporary Block  
Instagram| File upload timeout. Try attaching a smaller file.| 400 -2207003  
Instagram| Undefined Instagram issue. This should resolve itself shortly.| 400- 2207001, 2207053  
Instagram| Post content violates community standards.| 400 - 2207051  
Instagram| Daily publishing limit reached. Facebook's API only allows for a certain number of posts per day.| 400 - 2207042  
Instagram| The Social Account token for Instagram has expired, was revoked, or is invalid. Reconnect Instagram Business account in Social Planner.| 400 - 2207006  
Instagram| Instagram Account is restricted. Make sure your account is a Business Account.| 400 - 2207050  
Instagram| Instagram Business Account supports carousel posts with more than 2 images/videos and less than 10 images/videos.| 400 - 2207028  
Instagram| Maximum Tag limit exceeded. Use 30 tags or less.| 400 - 2207040  
Instagram| Insufficient User permission. Reconnect this social account via an account that has posting permission.| 400 - 2207005  
Linkedin| The Social Account token for Linkedin has expired, was revoked, or is invalid. Reconnect LinkedIn.| 400 or 403   
Linkedin| Undefined Linkedin issue. This should resolve itself shortly.| 404, 500, 504  
Linkedin| Duplicate post content. Posting duplicate content within 12 hours is prohibited.| 422  
Linkedin| The required field is not present or the post copy is large. | 422  
Linkedin| The connected account does not have permission to post. Please re-connect the social account via an account that has posting permission.| 400  
Linkedin| There was a temporary error from Linkedin. Give your browser a hard-refresh to clear your cache and retry in a few minutes.| 409  
GMB| Missing Value. Complete your Google Business Profile setup and reconnect in Social Planner.| MISSING_VALUE, INVALID_VALUE  
GMB| Post character limit exceeded. Reduce the number of words in the post copy.| VALUE_OUTSIDE_ALLOWED_RANGE  
GMB| The Social Account token has expired. Reconnect social account. | OPERATION_EXECUTION_ERROR, EXPIRED_VALUE  
GMB| The media upload failed.| PHOTO_FETCH_FAILED, PHOTO_UPLOAD_FAILED  
GMB| Social Account operation is not supported due to account conditions. | OPERATION_UNSUPPORTED_  
UNDER_ACCOUNT_CONDITION  
GMB| Local Post API disabled. This usually happens when the location is part of a chain.| LOCATION_DISABLED_FOR  
_LOCAL_POST_API  
  
Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Notification for Failed Post, Account Expired and Post Approval](/support/solutions/articles/155000002407-notification-for-failed-post-account-expired-and-post-approval)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [Share your Review Post on social media using Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000001620-share-your-review-post-on-social-media-using-social-planner)
  * [How to Use the Instagram Story Post Composer in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001240398-how-to-use-the-instagram-story-post-composer-in-social-planner)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
