Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. How to upgrade a Version 1 funnel to Version 2?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to upgrade a Version 1 funnel to Version 2?

Modified on: Mon, 31 Jan, 2022 at 9:44 AM

  * #### Why is there different page versions?

  * #### Why should I upgrade my funnels to Version 2?

  * #### How to upgrade to Version 2 funnel:

  * #### What to expect after the upgrade:

  * #### FAQ's:

    * #### Q: Can I migrate all funnels for my account to version 2 funnels in one click?

    * #### Q: Can I switch back to version 1 later?

    * #### Q: How long does it take to migrate the funnel to the newer version?

    * #### Q: Can I use PayPal with version 1 (old) funnels?

#   

# **Why is there different page versions?**

In October of 2021, we introduced an upgrade to page builders (Websites & Funnels) that affected the way they interact with products. 

****  

Pages built before this date will not be labeled but are considered Version 1. Pages built after October, 2021 are labeled "Version 2" (see image above).  

For those who recently joined us, you will only see version 2. Rest assured you're on the fastest and newest version (V2). [**For more information, click here.**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001204164-different-websites-funnels-versions-within-the-system) 

#   

# **Why should I upgrade my funnels to Version 2?**

Version 2 funnels come with the following advantages:

  * Uses Global products created in the Payments section, which can be used in funnels, websites, calendars, invoices, etc.  

  * Support for PayPal  

  * One Step order form  

  * One-click web chat widget installation

# **How to upgrade to Version 2 funnel:**

**1\. Stripe Connect should be integrated.**

     If you're still using the old Stripe integration available in Settings > Integrations > Stripe, you need to switch to Stripe Connect by going to the Payments tab > Click Integrations > Add Stripe Connect.

2\. Go to Sites > Funnels and open the funnel which you want to upgrade

3\. Click on the Migrate button and confirm to upgrade the funnel

# **What to expect after the upgrade:**

  * All the pages should remain the same, there will be no visual changes made by the system after the upgrade  

  * The products will be moved to the Payments tab. Funnel payment settings will remain the same and the product will not need to be added again  

  * The sales tab in Version 2 funnels will be linked to the Order/Sales tab in the Payments section. All the previous sales data will be shown in the Payments > Order/Sales tab now  

  * Test / Live mode settings of the funnel will remain the same  

  * The products in the funnel will be available in Stripe test and live modes, as well as PayPal sandbox and live environments (if PayPal is integrated in Payments tab)

#   

# **FAQ's:**

### **Q: Can I migrate all funnels for my account to version 2 funnels in one click?**

**A:** Currently, you need to migrate the funnels to version 2 individually by going into each funnel and choosing the migration option.

### **Q: Can I switch back to version 1 later?**

**A:** We recommend using version 2 funnels because it also helps us manage your products and transactions better. So it is not possible to switch your version 2 funnels back to the older version 1 funnels.

### **Q: How long does it take to migrate the funnel to the newer version?**

**A:** The migration process should be completed in just a few seconds.

### **Q: Can I use PayPal with version 1 (old) funnels?**

**A:** No, PayPal is only supported in version 2 (new) funnels.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Different Websites/ Funnels versions within the system](/support/solutions/articles/48001204164-different-websites-funnels-versions-within-the-system)
  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [Save, Draft and Publish Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/articles/155000001913-save-draft-and-publish-funnels-and-websites)
  * [How to authorize card payments using the old funnel builder](/support/solutions/articles/48001204142-how-to-authorize-card-payments-using-the-old-funnel-builder)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
