Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  6. Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide

Modified on: Thu, 15 Feb, 2024 at 1:58 PM

#### **Covered in this Article**

#### **Setting up a new WordPress Site**

#### 1\. To set up your WordPress site, you need to have purchased the WordPress hosting feature under the Sites tab. Once this has been done, you can get started by clicking the "+ Create WordPress" button  
2\. Fill in the Site and User details

#### 3\. Wait for 10-15 minutes till the installation is complete

#### 4\. After the installation is complete, you will have access to the following:

#### The WordPress Dashboard

#### User Management

#### Backup & Restore

#### Advanced Settings

#### Adding an Additional Domain

####   
**FAQs**

#### Q1: I'm unable to add the same domain to my other subaccount/location:

#### Q2: Why can't I update my primary domain?

#### Q3: I've added the A / CNAME record, but the domain is still not being added

#### Q4: I can't connect my root domain (ex., mydomain.com)

#### Q5: How many WordPress sites can I have per sub-account

#### Q6: How can I request to cancel a client's WordPress subscription?

If you are setting up a new WordPress website, migrating an existing one, or adding additional domains, you must configure your domain's DNS to point to your WordPress instance. This article will help you with the setup and share some best practices. with

* * *

# Setting up a new _WordPress Site_

### **1.** To set up your WordPress site, you need to have purchased the WordPress hosting feature under the Sites tab. Once this has been done, you can get started by clicking the "+ Create WordPress" button

### **2.** Fill in the Site and User details

### **3.** Wait for 10-15 minutes till the installation is complete

### **4.** After the installation is complete, you will have access to the following:

* * *

  * ## **The WordPress Dashboard**

Here you can access your site and admin portal  
Manage Additional Domains & Primary Domain  
Import an Existing WordPress Site using the [_All-in-One WP Migration plugin_](https://wordpress.org/plugins/all-in-one-wp-migration/)  
Refresh Cache for the WordPress Site  

  * ## **User Management**

Here you can manage all users for the site.  

  * ## **Backup & Restore**  

Here you will see the backups for the **last three days**  
Backups happen daily at **05:00 AM CST**  
  
****
  * You can also initiate manual backups as needed as shown in the video below:  

### More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/zvfav4EXnE4>

<https://youtu.be/7z9A0d4Ml4c>

<https://youtu.be/ROQLp8_D8Vc>

  * ## **Advanced Settings**

You will be able to manage FTP Access and Communication Settings here. This is still on the roadmap and not live yet.  

* * *

# Adding an Additional Domain

Once your site is ready to publish, you can connect your domain to the WordPress site.

Please follow _**_[this article](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001219237)_**  _for instructions on connecting your domain with the WordPress site.

* * *

# FAQs

## Q1: I'm unable to add the same domain to my other subaccount/location:

The same domain/subdomain can't be used in 2 locations

## Q2: Why can't I update my primary domain?

The primary domain can be updated if you have [added an additional domain](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001219237).

## Q3: I've added the A / CNAME record, but the domain is still not being added

This can happen due to a few reasons.

  1. There is a typo in your domain name [_like in the example above_]  
In this scenario, fixing the typo will resolve your issue  

  2. Your DNS changes haven't been propagated yet.  
In this case, you must wait longer and try again after a few hours or the next day to see if it works.  

  3. Your DNS configuration is not set up correctly.  
Please get in touch with your Domain Provider and discuss the errors with their support team.  

  4. Maybe you have conflicting (multiple) records for the same subdomain [_for example, if[blog.mydomain.com](//blog.mydomain.com) has a CNAME record pointing to [wp3.msgsndr.com](https://wp3.msgsndr.com) but it also has an A record pointing to some other provider_]  
In such cases removing the other duplicate record will fix your issue.

## Q4: I can't connect my root domain (ex., [mydomain.com](//mydomain.com))

.Please make sure there are no additional AAA, TXT, records, etc if you plan to use that slug/root domain for WordPress  

## Q5: How many WordPress sites can I have per sub-account

Only one site per sub-account at the moment  

## Q6: How can I request to cancel a client's WordPress subscription?

To begin a WordPress Cancellation Request, you must fill out this [form](https://www.gohighlevel.com/wordpress-cancel-request-form). Once submitted, our WordPress Hosting Team will work to respond to your request within two business days or less.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001199648-getting-started-with-wordpress-client-side-setup-guide)
  * [How to resell WordPress to your clients](/support/solutions/articles/48001199647-how-to-resell-wordpress-to-your-clients)
  * [How to Add Domains in the WordPress Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000002547-how-to-add-domains-in-the-wordpress-dashboard)
  * [WordPress Hosting: Specs, Market Comparison, and New Pricing Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001231366-wordpress-hosting-specs-market-comparison-and-new-pricing-plans)

## You may like to read -

  * [WordPress Hosting: Specs, Market Comparison, and New Pricing Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001231366-wordpress-hosting-specs-market-comparison-and-new-pricing-plans)
  * [How to resell WordPress to your clients](/support/solutions/articles/48001199647-how-to-resell-wordpress-to-your-clients)
  * [Resolution of Figerprint Issue in Order form on Wordpress](/support/solutions/articles/155000001549-resolution-of-figerprint-issue-in-order-form-on-wordpress)
  * [Setting up Whitelabel Domain, API Domain, Email Sending Domain, Sites Domain, Client Portal Domain & more](/support/solutions/articles/155000002561-setting-up-whitelabel-domain-api-domain-email-sending-domain-sites-domain-client-portal-domain-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
