Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  6. WordPress Error Codes and Troubleshooting

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# WordPress Error Codes and Troubleshooting

Modified on: Tue, 13 Jun, 2023 at 4:19 PM

Our WordPress Hosting system has a few error codes that are unique only to our system and need specific troubleshooting steps to take care of them. 

**Covered in this Article**

**What is the meaning and Troubleshooting for each of these errors?**

File Corrupted:

Plugin Issue:

Unknown Error (where both the Plugin and File could be corrupted):

* * *

## **What is the meaning and Troubleshooting for each of these errors?**

###   
**File Corrupted:**

It can be that in this WordPress installation or in your source WordPress installation (from where you created this file), the file became corrupted and cannot be used for this import. Please delete this file and try again.  

### **Plugin Issue:**

The error message may look something like: "Plugin named “yith-topbar-countdown” is corrupted."  
  
The Error can be in this WordPress installation or it can be in your source WordPress installation (from where you have created this file), please delete this plugin and try again.  

###   
**Unknown Error (where both the Plugin and File could be corrupted):**  

It will detect plug in issue first & display the plugin error on the UI)

Plugin named “yith-topbar-countdown” is corrupted. The Error can be in this WordPress installation or it can be in your source WordPress installation (from where you have created this file), please delete this plugin and try again. Once you have done that if the file is corrupted too then the error will change and show the file corruption error discussed above, you can then delete the file and try again in that case.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001199648-getting-started-with-wordpress-client-side-setup-guide)
  * [How to resell WordPress to your clients](/support/solutions/articles/48001199647-how-to-resell-wordpress-to-your-clients)
  * [How to Add Domains in the WordPress Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000002547-how-to-add-domains-in-the-wordpress-dashboard)
  * [WordPress Hosting: Specs, Market Comparison, and New Pricing Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001231366-wordpress-hosting-specs-market-comparison-and-new-pricing-plans)

## You may like to read -

  * [WP File Manager Plugin (Stable Alternative for FTP Access)](/support/solutions/articles/48001222860-wp-file-manager-plugin-stable-alternative-for-ftp-access-)
  * [Resolution of Figerprint Issue in Order form on Wordpress](/support/solutions/articles/155000001549-resolution-of-figerprint-issue-in-order-form-on-wordpress)
  * [List of blocked WordPress plugins](/support/solutions/articles/48001214712-list-of-blocked-wordpress-plugins)
  * [WordPress Plugin and Theme Management](/support/solutions/articles/48001231547-wordpress-plugin-and-theme-management)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
