Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. Setting up QuickBooks Integration

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Setting up QuickBooks Integration

Modified on: Thu, 21 Mar, 2024 at 6:57 AM

### More Tutorials From the Community

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__c0gDVBLs0>

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QXRl3mArfY&feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QXRl3mArfY&feature=youtu.be)

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKgJcLx5Q-A>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1eLzPdUlYo>

In this article, we will cover integrating QuickBooks into your CRM software. This saves you from having to manually enter data into your CRM every time a contact is created in QuickBooks. 

Once connected all new contacts will be added to your CRM and automatically be sent a review request upon payment.

* * *

## **What does the QuickBooks integration do** :

  * Syncs all contacts that are created in QuickBooks already along with any new contacts created after the integration
  * Sends Review Request upon QuickBooks payment in HighLevel without any automation (only on the first invoice)
  * Automatically register sales receipts inside Quickbooks whenever a payment is made inside GHL for order forms, subscription payments, membership checkouts, and calendar payments
  * Automatically create an invoice inside Quickbooks as soon as an invoice is marked as sent inside GHL. This will also sync any updates made afterward inside GHL and mark it is paid inside QBO as soon as it is paid inside GHL

#### **Auto creation of sales receipts**

  * This is applicable for any payment processed via order forms, calendars, or subsequent subscription payments as well
  * If a customer exists inside QBO with the same email id with which the transaction is processed, we will update the sales receipt corresponding to the same customer inside QB
  * If the customer is not present, we will create a new customer against the email id with which the transaction is processed

#### **One-way invoice sync from GHL to QBO**

  * This will create a replica of the sent invoice, along with the total amount (including taxes and discounts) on QBO for frictionless accounting sync
  * Any updates made on the invoice inside GHL will be updated on QBO. This will include any invoice status change transitions inside GHL, such as the invoice is paid by the customer, or invoice is voided on GHL or any further discount is added upon customer request
  * This will not sync existing invoices already created within GHL. Only new invoices created from now on will get synced inside QBO
  * If a customer exists inside QBO with the same email id with which the transaction is processed, we will update the sales receipt corresponding to the same customer inside QB
  * If the customer is not present, we will create a new customer against the email ID with which the transaction is processed

**Please Note:**

    - Once the integration has been established all leads will be added as contacts to your location. It may take up to _5 mins_ before you see the contact in the **CRM**  
     - This includes any existing contacts on QBO along with the new contacts added after the integration. 

* * *

## **How to Integrate QuickBooks**

### Head into your**  settings > integrations >** Click on the**  "QB Connect"** button >**  Login **

### Make sure to **accept all permissions** > hit the "**connect** " button

### [](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/48051767771/original/AjUCbIiZ8jyTm8yzWMSAh4PuJo6LzEPgnA.png?1596153551)

**Note:  **

    There is a _check box_ that shows up under the QuickBooks Icon integration. Asking if you want to auto send review

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [Shipping: How to Connect a Shippo Integration?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003109-shipping-how-to-connect-a-shippo-integration-)
  * [Glossary](/support/solutions/articles/48001231169-glossary)
  * [How to send a test email in the Conversation](/support/solutions/articles/48001208887-how-to-send-a-test-email-in-the-conversation)
  * [Reserve with Google Integration - Local Services Ads (LSA)](/support/solutions/articles/48001217374-reserve-with-google-integration-local-services-ads-lsa-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
