Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. Import Products / Price From Stripe

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Import Products / Price From Stripe

Modified on: Tue, 20 Dec, 2022 at 3:58 PM

****

**Which pricing plans can be imported?**

  * **Recurring / Subscription  **plans only. One-Time prices cannot be imported, these need to be created in the system directly.
  * To import a plan/price from Stripe, it must be in Live mode (not Test mode)
  * "Metered" prices **can not be** imported when importing a recurring plan/price
  * Stripe plans/prices that have already been imported into HighLevel will not show as options when using the "Import From Stripe" function, as they have already been imported

**What are we doing while importing price from Stripe?**

  * Import stripe product (which is linked with price) & create in HighLevel if it doesn't already exist
  * Create price under that product
  * We will also create same product and price in Stripe TEST Mode and PayPal (if integration connected)

**There will be 3 types of pricing plans in your Stripe account.**

1\. Price which was created from the Agency level via the SaaS configurator:

  * Prices created via the SaaS Configurator will have an "Agency Plan" tag with the product and price name in product listing and product details page.
  * Prices created with the SaaS Configurator cannot be edited in HighLevel Payments
  * If you update a price directly in Stripe, the change will not be reflected in the HighLevel Product/price. 
  * If you need to change the price of a product created via the SaaS Configurator, edit the price in Stripe and then use the "Import From Stripe" button to import the new price, which will create a new HighLevel Product with an "Agency Plan" tag, which you can then go select in your Funnel or Website page settings. 

2\. Prices which were created by creating a product in HighLevel:

  * When a product is created in HighLevel, a corresponding plan/price will be created in Stripe
  * Any edits to HighLevel product pricing will automatically sync to Stripe
  * Any edits to Stripe pricing **will not** auto-sync to HighLevel. Changed pricing in Stripe would need to imported into HighLevel as a new product.

3\. Prices which were created by you directly in Stripe:

  * If you've created plans/prices in Stripe, you can use the "Import From Stripe" button to import them into HighLevel as HighLevel Products. 
  * If you need to edit an imported product's price, make the edit in HighLevel and the change will sync to Stripe.
  * If you edit an imported plan/price in Stripe, the change will not be reflected in the HighLevel product - you'd need to import the changed plan/price as a new HighLevel Product.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [How to sell SaaS in currencies other than USD?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001179-how-to-sell-saas-in-currencies-other-than-usd-)
  * [How to Bulk Import Products into HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000003715-how-to-bulk-import-products-into-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
