Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. Hide Email Elements on Mobile View

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Hide Email Elements on Mobile View

Modified on: Wed, 14 Sep, 2022 at 8:50 AM

Optimizing emails for mobile has quickly gone from important to essential. This feature allows you to easily hide elements of your email templates or campaigns when they are opened on a mobile device.

* * *

#### **Covered in this article:**

  * How to Hide Elements for Mobile and Desktop view

  * Previewing and Testing the email

* * *

## **How to Hide Elements for Mobile and Desktop view**

1\. Once the Email Template or Campaign is created, go to the editor view of drag and drop emails. 

2\. Edit the element and on hover, it will show the action to hide it on mobile or desktop.

  1. 

  1. 

# **  
**

* * *

## **Previewing and Testing the email**

3\. Save the Email template or campaign, preview, or send a test email to test it out.

  1.   2.   

  3.   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use the Email Builder and its In-line Editor](/support/solutions/articles/155000000087-how-to-use-the-email-builder-and-its-in-line-editor)
  * [Hide and Show Elements on Button Click (Funnels & Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001660-hide-and-show-elements-on-button-click-funnels-websites-)
  * [How to Enhance Your Images in the Funnel and Website Builder with the Image Action Feature](/support/solutions/articles/155000003106-how-to-enhance-your-images-in-the-funnel-and-website-builder-with-the-image-action-feature)
  * [Creating Mobile-Responsive Designs Made Easy: Funnel & Website Builder](/support/solutions/articles/155000001482-creating-mobile-responsive-designs-made-easy-funnel-website-builder)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
