Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [Deliverability](/support/solutions/folders/48000665893)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [Deliverability](/support/solutions/folders/48000665893)
  6. How List-Unsubscribe helps email deliverability

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How List-Unsubscribe helps email deliverability

Modified on: Tue, 14 Mar, 2023 at 1:06 PM

####   
**Covered in this article:**

#### What is the list-unsubscribe header?

#### Why list-unsubscribe header is good for email deliverability

#### Can this be disabled?

#### Why I'm not getting the unsubscribe option in the email header

* * *

# What is the list-unsubscribe header?

The list-unsubscribe header is an additional ‘unsubscribe’ link generated by some of the most common email providers (Gmail, Outlook, etc.). When list-unsubscribe instructions are detected in the email header, it allows email recipients to remove their email addresses from your distribution list without searching for the unsubscribe link in your email.

# Why list-unsubscribe header is good for email deliverability

This feature is a deliverability best practice! It helps reduce complaints by giving subscribers a quick method to safely unsubscribe without negatively impacting your sending reputation. It is an additional, preferred option that recipients can use – rather than report spam or an abuse complaint.

# Can this be disabled?

No, this cannot be disabled, as this is an RFC/industry standard.

# Why I'm not getting the unsubscribe option in the email header

The unsubscribe option is only shown for senders with a high reputation. This only works for some senders right now. We're actively encouraging senders to support auto-unsubscribe — we think 100% should. We won't provide the unsubscribe option on messages from spammers: we can't trust that they'll actually unsubscribe you, and they might even send you more spam.   
  
So you'll only see the unsubscribe option for senders that we're pretty sure are not spammers and will actually honor your unsubscribe request. We're being pretty conservative about which senders to trust in the beginning; over time, we hope to offer the ability to unsubscribe from more emails.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [An Introduction To Email Deliverability](/support/solutions/articles/48001063371-an-introduction-to-email-deliverability)
  * [Step by Step guide to Creating Custom Unsubscribe Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001175857-step-by-step-guide-to-creating-custom-unsubscribe-links)
  * [Workflow Action based on Email Event Clicked/Opened](/support/solutions/articles/48001208599-workflow-action-based-on-email-event-clicked-opened)
  * [Why Are My Emails Going To Spam?](/support/solutions/articles/48001063372-why-are-my-emails-going-to-spam-)

## You may like to read -

  * [An Introduction To Email Deliverability](/support/solutions/articles/48001063371-an-introduction-to-email-deliverability)
  * [Achieving Compliance: Meeting Google and Yahoo's Email Sender Requirements in 2024](/support/solutions/articles/155000001634-achieving-compliance-meeting-google-and-yahoo-s-email-sender-requirements-in-2024)
  * [What is Email Deliverability? - A Guest-Tutorial From Krystin Ruschman of Email-2-Inbox](/support/solutions/articles/48001198783-what-is-email-deliverability-a-guest-tutorial-from-krystin-ruschman-of-email-2-inbox)
  * [How to use the Email Risk Assessment Tool for LC Email](/support/solutions/articles/155000000577-how-to-use-the-email-risk-assessment-tool-for-lc-email)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
