Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [A2P registration](/support/solutions/folders/155000000021)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [A2P registration](/support/solutions/folders/155000000021)
  6. A2P 10DLC Campaign Approval Best Practices

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# A2P 10DLC Campaign Approval Best Practices

Modified on: Mon, 26 Aug, 2024 at 1:38 PM

[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001229783)

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to submit a campaign
    * Step 3 - Campaign details
      * 1\. Messaging use case
        * Use Case Description
        * Sample Message
      * 2\. User Consent
        * How do end-users consent to receive messages?
        * 1\. Consent Checkbox
        * 2\. Privacy policy
        * 3\. Terms of service
        * Opt-in Message
  * Forbidden use cases will result in Campaign rejection.
  * Ensure data accuracy and consistency
      * Best Practice
      * Examples
  * Ensure your use case involves consumer consent before sending messages
      * Best Practice
      * Examples
  * Opt-In
  * Campaign registration recommendations
    * Campaign Type
    * Campaign Description
    * How do end-users consent to receive messages?
    * Sample message
    * Opt-in Keywords
    * Opt-out Keywords
    * Opt-out Confirmation Message
    * Help Keywords
    * Help Message
  * FAQs:
    * How to check the reasons why my campaigns are rejected?
    * Campaign Failure Reasons
      * USE_CASE_DESCRIPTION: The campaign submission has been reviewed and rejected due to inconsistencies between the sample message and the intended use-case of the campaign.

* * *

# Step 1: Submit a campaign

Once you complete the steps to submit the brand information, you will be taken to **Campaign Details**

  * [Standard brand](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001225526-lc-phone-system-trust-center)
  * [Sole prop brand](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000000340-a2p-sole-proprietor-brands-registration) 

## Campaign details

### 1\. Messaging use case

**Campaign use case** \- [List of campaign use case types for A2P 10DLC registration](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000000235)

#### **Use Case Description**

  * If you have an EIN for your company but you want to use a different brand name for your messages, you can add this sentence "**We are doing DBA as [Business_Name]** " in the Campaign **Use Case Description** for **Step 3 - Campaign Details**. Make sure the rest of the submission including the website matches with the DBA business name. You can register the **same EIN for 10 brands max**.
  * Must explain **what type of SMS the client will be sending** (e.g., marketing messages, appointments, notifications, etc.).
  * The Campaign use case description section is used to describe the purpose of this campaign.
    * Click on 'See example' in the top right to check out examples for your use case. It's best to keep it simple. If you outline all the use cases, you will need to provide the opt-in link for each one.
    * E.g. This campaign sends appointment confirmations, message notifications, and offers for chiropractic adjustments to existing patients or new patients who have opted in to receive SMS notifications. The communications are sent via the website form.

#### Sample Message

  * Must include the**  lead’s name, a staff member’s name, a business name, and opt-out language** (reply STOP to unsubscribe.)
  * Must provide **an example of the type of messages the client states they are sending in their description**.
  * Approved Examples:
    * Appointment Messages: **David** , it's **Kate** from **ABC Company**. Thanks for opting in to receive SMS notifications. I just saved a time for you on Thursday, June 15, 2023, at 4:00 PM, and I'll see you then! If anything changes, just let me know. If you need to opt out, reply **STOP**.
    * Marketing Messages or Offers: David, it's Kate from ABC Company. Thanks for opting in to receive messages. Today, we are giving out a few vouchers to our past patients for a free chiropractic adjustment. Would you like one? If you need to opt out, reply STOP.

  * Do NOT**  including custom fields or values** 
    * Rejected Example: "Hey {{name}}! Samuel from [write the client's company name here] here. We remember you had signed up to receive an appointment with us a little while back. When could we get you rescheduled? Reply STOP to opt out."

**__**

### 2\. User Consent

####   

####  How do end-users consent to receive messages?

All opt-in methods > Opt-In

If your opt-in method is **web form** , must include the **link to the website opt-in page** , the website needs to have:

#### 1\. Consent Checkbox

  * Shows an **optional** checkbox for message consent and **cannot be pre-selected  **or pre-checked
  * Opt-in consent message and checkbox must be **separated from the T &C/Privacy Policy consent and checkbox**.
  * TCR is now requiring us to **separate the checkbox for promotional SMS communications** from other SMS notifications. You can omit the T&C/Privacy Policy consent checkbox and make sure they are hyperlinked at the footer of the form to avoid having 3 checkboxes (T&C, promotional, other sms)
  * You need to include the bolded part like
    * the **type** of messaging you are sending and the **business/brand name**
    * message delivery **frequency** or recurring messages disclosure ("4 messages per month", "Message frequency varies", "1 message per login", etc)
    * Fee disclosure: "**Message and data rates may apply** "
    * Customer care information (typically "Text HELP for help" or **Help at XXX-XXX-XXXX**)
    * Opt out instructions (typically "Text STOP to cancel")
      * e.g. I Consent to Receive SMS Notifications, Alerts & Occasional Marketing Communication from company. Message frequency varies. Message & data rates may apply. Text HELP to **(XXX) XXX-XXXX** for assistance. You can reply STOP to unsubscribe at any time.
  * If the checkbox is **showing at the end of the survey, or behind an appointment form**. Please include a hosted link to an image of the opt-in
    * e.g. End users opt in through an appointment form on the website: **https://www.abccompany.com/appointment** , Users check a box with optional consent language to receive messages from us to provide their consent at the end of the appointment form: **[](https://storage.googleapis.com/msgsndr/RNTEDRA9ap9xSh2MyTYS/media/65271336fe7786badd88b169.png)https://storage.googleapis.com/msgsndr/RNTEDRA9ap9xSh2MyTYS/media/669825fa23e0faf564cdb24f.png**

  * Links to the privacy policy and Terms need to be present on the opt in form
  * In both the privacy policy and terms and conditions pages, **remove all keywords such as 'share,' 'sell,' 'affiliate', 'third'. 'party' that indicates selling or sharing leads'  **information with a third party.
    * 

#### 2\. Privacy policy

  * **must have  **this paragraph: 
    * "No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. Information sharing to subcontractors in support services, such as customer service is permitted. All other use case categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties."

#### 3\. Terms of service

  * make sure to add these 6 bullet points ["Enclosed is a copy of the boilerplate terms of service covering minimum requirements from the carriers"](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000001426)

  * **{Program Name}**
    1. **{Insert program description here; a brief description of the types of messages users can expect upon opting in.}**
    2. You can cancel the SMS service at any time. Simply text "STOP" to the shortcode. Upon sending "STOP," we will confirm your unsubscribe status via SMS. Following this confirmation, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. To rejoin, sign up as you did initially, and we will resume sending SMS messages to you.
    3. If you experience issues with the messaging program, reply with the keyword HELP for more assistance, or reach out directly to **{support email address or toll-free number}**.

    4. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.

    5. As always, message and data rates may apply for messages sent to you from us and to us from you. Message frequency varies. For questions about your text plan or data plan, contact your wireless provider.

    6. For privacy-related inquiries, please refer to our privacy policy: **{link to privacy policy}**.

#### **Opt-in Message**

**Example:  You have successfully opted in for messages from ABC Company. Reply STOP to unsubscribe.**

* * *

# ****Forbidden use cases will result in Campaign rejection.****

**  
**

**Make sure your A2P Campaign does not involve prohibited content such as cannabis, hate speech, etc., and that your use case is compliant with the[Messaging Policy](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001213941). Check out [Forbidden message categories for SMS and MMS in the US and Canada](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001219617)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001213941)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001213941)**

* * *

# ****Ensure data accuracy and consistency****

**  
**

**Make sure you submit Campaign registrations with accurate and consistent data:**

**  
**

### ****Best Practice****

| 

### ****Examples****  
  
---|---  
**Consist ency in **brand** , **website,** and **sample messages****| **If your brand name is**Acme** , your website is [**www.acme.com**](http://www.acme.com), but your sample messages say, “Here’s your one-time passcode for logging into [**www.contoso.com**](http://www.contoso.com”),” your campaign will be **rejected.******  
**  
**Consistency in**sample messages** and **use cases****| **If you register a**marketing** campaign but sample messages say, “Here’s your **one-time passcode** : 123456”, your campaign will be rejected.****  
**  
**Consistency in**email  ****domain** and **company name****| **  
****Your campaign will be rejected if you register a brand as LeadConnector Inc but provide an email address with the gmail domain names.****  
*****Note that this check**only applies to large, well-known corporations that should have dedicated email domains******  
**  
**Make sure you submit**real, working websites.****| **Indicating that your customers opt-in to your messages via the website, but providing a website address that does not work, will lead to campaign rejection.****  
**  
**Make sure the brand you register is the**actual brand that you’re sending messages for****| **If ISV customers register a brand with your company’s information (e.g., a company  that **provides the tech for dental offices**) but end up sending messages for your customers (e.g., **individual dentist practices**), your campaign will be rejected.****  
**  
**Make sure you create**as few duplicative brands and campaigns as possible****| ****Excessive** brands with the **same EIN and excessive campaigns** with the same campaign attributes may be seen as **high-risk** and may result in campaign rejection****  
**  
**If you wish to send templated messages, please**indicate the templated fields in sample messages with brackets** to help reviewers better identify which parts are templated.****  
**| **For example, please write, “Dental che ck due for **[Mary Doe]** , Visit **[[www.contoso.com](http://www.contoso.com)]** to schedule an appointment or call **[123-456-7890]”****  
  
** **

* * *

# ****Ensure your use case involves consumer consent before sending messages****

**Make sure you collect consumer consent appropriately. Please refer to the [CTIA guidelines](https://api.ctia.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/190719-CTIA-Messaging-Principles-and-Best-Practices-FINAL.pdf) for detailed instructions and best practices on handling consumer consent.**

**  
**

**  
**| **  
**  
---|---  
  
### ****Best Practice****

| 

### ****Example****s****  
  
**Make sure consumer opt-in is collected appropriately**| **If you indicate you collect opt-in via text messages, but your sample messages say,**“****Hi, is this the owner of 123 Oak Street? I’d like to discuss how I can help you sell your property”** , it is clear that you **have not collected appropriate consent** before sending messages and your campaign will be rejected.****  
**  
**Make sure**opt-in langua****ge** is available on your website if you indicated in the “message flow” field that a consumer opts into your campaign on your company website.****  
**| **If your brand Acme uses its website,[www.acme.com](http://www.acme.com), to collect phone numbers but your website does not contain opt-in language such as **“By pr****oviding your phone number, you agree to receive text messages from ACME. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies.”** , your campaign will be rejected.**  
**We recommend having**opt-out language** in at least one of your sample messages.**| **For example, please add  language such as**  “Please reply STOP to opt-out”** in one of your sample messages.**  
  
** **

**  
**

****Please note:****

    **The ecosystem constantly improves the vetting criteria as it comes across additional violations. Please do not consider the best practices listed above as a “catch-all” and guarantee approval as long as you follow them all; instead, consider them as a baseline that illustrates the general direction of compliant, high-quality messaging that the ecosystem is moving towards.**

# **  
**

# **Opt-In**

**Campaigns require a proper opt-in method which ensures that end-users provide consent to receive text messages. Verbal opt-in is the most difficult method to verify however, is acceptable as long enough details are provided that a 3rd party reviewer can verify.**

**  
**

**Opt-In Method**| **Example**  
---|---  
**Verbal**| **Phone IVR: "As part of our service we can send you automated monthly text alerts regarding account payment activity. We will send two messages per month. Message and data rates may apply, depending on your mobile phone service plan. At any time you can get more help by replying HELP to these texts, or you can opt-out completely by replying STOP. Mobile Terms of Service are available at http://ghl.com/terms and our Privacy Statement can be found at https:// ghl.com/privacy. Please reply with 'yes' or 'no' to indicate if you would like this service".**** ****Customer: "Yes please"**** ****IVR: "Great! We will send you a text message to confirm your enrollment here shortly."**  
**Web Form**| **An embedded form on the end business’s website prompts end-users to enter their mobile handset phone number and opt into the texting campaign. Note checkbox should be selectable by end-user for opting in.****  
****  
****  
****  
****  
****It has to reflect SMS language and not have it hidden in the Privacy policy or terms and conditions. You can check the requirements of the opt-in here: LC - Phone Messaging Policy.****  
****This is highly important to avoid any rejection from the carrier since they are asking for proof of opt-in. Two examples of the Opt-in here:****  
****  
****You need to specifically put a disclaimer like - "By submitting this form, you consent to receive marketing and promotional SMS messages from [Your Company Name]. Message frequency may vary. Reply "STOP" to unsubscribe. Text HELP for assistance. Standard message and data rates may apply. Your information will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy."****  
****The Disclaimer MUST have All CTA disclosures present for compliancy**

  * **Program name and/or a description of the messages that will be sent (appointment reminders, marketing messages, occasional offers, etc.)**
  * **Organization or individual being represented in the initial message**
  * **Fee disclosure (“Message and data rates may apply”)**
  * **Service delivery frequency or recurring messages disclosure (“4 messages per month”, “Message frequency varies”, “1 message per login”, etc)**
  * **Customer care information (typically “Text HELP for help” or Help at XXX-XXX-XXXX) - not required for single message programs (i.e 2FA)**
  * **Opt out instructions (typically “Text STOP to unsubscribe”) - not required for single message programs (i.e 2FA)**
  * **Link to Privacy Policy describing how end user opt-in information will be used. Be sure there is no mention of sharing of personal information with Third Parties (Must not be part of the checkbox statement. Instead, provide the link at the bottom of the form)**
  * **Link to Terms and Conditions describing terms of service (Must not be part of the checkbox statement. Instead, provide the link at the bottom of the form)**
  * **Incorporate a checkbox option that end-users must select in order to receive SMS messaging. The checkbox can not be pre-selected. The checkbox provides the end-user the ability to agree, or not agree, to receive SMS messaging.**

**  
****  
****  
If the web opt-in is behind a login or not yet published, host a screen shot on a publicly accessible website (like OneDrive or Google Drive) and provide the URL in the answer for "How do end-users consent to receive messages?" along with the website URL****  
****You can also upload the screenshot to the**Media Storage  ****here**  
**  
**Paper Form**| **An in-store visitor completes a physical form that collects their phone number and their consent to subscribe to your texting campaign.**** ****Host a screenshot of the paper form on a publicly accessible website (like OneDrive or Google Drive or Subaccount's media library) and provide the URL in the answer for "How do end-users consent to receive messages?". **  
**Via Text**| **A Keyword campaign example:****  
****Host a screen shot of the campaign collateral on a publicly accessible website (like OneDrive or Google Drive or Subaccount's media library) and provide the URL in the answer for "How do end-users consent to receive messages?" along with the website URL**  
**Mobile QR Code**| **A QR code that links to an online form that prompts end-users to enter their mobile handset phone number and opt into the texting campaign. QR code can direct the mobile handset to their messaging application with a templated opt-in message, or can lead to a web-form as outlined above.**** ****If the QR code leads to an online form that is behind a login or not yet published, host a screen shot of the form on a publicly accessible website (like OneDrive or Google Drive or Subaccount's media library) and provide the URL in the answer for "How do end-users consent to receive messages?".**  
  
** **

# **Campaign registration recommendations**

**Campaign registrations should meet each of the following descriptions for each field.**

**  
**

## **Campaign Type**

**Please choose the use case that best represents your campaign. For more information, please refer to the details provided  [here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000235-list-of-campaign-use-case-types-for-a2p-10dlc-registration).**

**Successful Example**| **Failed Example**  
---|---  
**2FA use case is selected for any authentication or account verification such as OTP.****  
  
**| **Higher Education is selected for any authentication or account verification such as OTP.****  
****Why is this rejected? Use case would not match intended use, campaign will be rejected.**  
  
** **

## **Campaign Description**

**The description should be thorough and explain the campaign’s objective or purpose. Provided description needs to answer who the sender is, who the recipient is, and why messages are being sent to the intended recipient.**

**Successful Example**| **Failed Example**  
---|---  
**“Messages are sent by Acme to its existing customers. OTP Messages for MFA challenges for logging into the online portal to make changes to a user profile for security purposes.  
  
Customers confirm with an SMS when profile changes are made.”  

**** **| **“Blank”  **** ****Why is this rejected? No information is provided for the campaign's purpose.**** **** ****  “This campaign sends messages to customers” ****  
Why is this rejected? It does not provide information on who is sending and receiving messages and why messages are being sent.**** **  
  
** **

## **How do end-users consent to receive messages?**

**The answer s hould contain the following information:**

  1. **The program or product description**

  2. **Telephone number(s) from which messaging will originate**

  3. **Identify of the organization or individual being represented in the initial message**

  4. **Clear and conspicuous language about opt-in and any associated fees or charges**

  5. **Compliant Privacy Policy**

  6. **Other applicable terms and conditions (e.g., how to opt-out, customer care contact information)**

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**Opt-in needs to apply per campaign, should be not transferable or assignable and can not be obscured in terms and conditions (especially terms related to other services). If multiple opt-in methods can be used for the same campaign, please list them all.**

**  
**

**A compliant Privacy Policy must state that no mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. Information sharing to subcontractors in support services, such as customer service is permitted. All other use case categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.**

**  
**

**Campaign reviewers need to be able to verify details provided in this field. Provide evidence such as a hosted link to screenshot or document for opt-in that occurs behind a gated login or on a paper form.**

** **

**Successful Example**| **Failed Example**  
---|---  
**Message Flow: “Customers provide opt-in specifically when enrolling into our website, or in person by requesting SMS capabilities within the store. Opt-in during website is a self-service process and occurs at acme.com/signup”  
  
Website Opt-in Language: “By submitting, you authorize ACME to send text messages with offers and other information. Message/data rates apply. Consent is not a condition of purchase. [Link to terms and conditions].” **** **| **“Customers sign up”**** ****Why is this rejected? Where and how the customer provides opt-in is unclear.**** **** **** ****  
  
**** **  
  
** **

## **Sample message**

**Sample messages should reflect actual messages to be sent under the campaign and indicate templated fields with brackets. Ensure consistency with use case and campaign description.  
  
Sample messages should identify who is sending the message (brand name). Ensure that at least one sample message includes your business name.  
  
Include opt-out language to at least 1 sample message.  
  
**

**Successful Example**| **Failed Example**  
---|---  
**“ACME 2FA Notice:Here is your one time password: 1234**** ****Call [phone-number] to report if this request was not made by you.”**** **** **** **| **“You have an upcoming appointment”**** ****Why is this rejected? Opt-out is not provided, campaign will be rejected.****  
  
**** **  
  
** **

## **Opt-in Keywords**

**Please provide all keywords that allow users to opt-in to receive campaign messages.**

** **

**Successful Example**| **Failed Example**  
---|---  
**“START, OPTIN, UNSTOP, IN”**** **| **"“Blank”**** ****Why is this rejected? Message flow indicates customers can opt-in through text but no opt-in keywords are provided, campaign will be rejected**** **  
  
** **

**Opt-in Confirmation Message**

**Campaign must provide customers with an opt-in confirmation message. This is required for all recurring campaigns, regardless of opt-in method.  [CTIA Messaging Principles and Best Practices](https://api.ctia.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/230523-CTIA-Messaging-Principles-and-Best-Practices-FINAL.pdf).**

**Opt-in confirmation message should include:  **

  1. **Program (brand) name or product description**

  2. **Customer care contact information (HELP command instructions)**

  3. **Opt-out instructions**

  4. **Disclosure that the messages are recurring and the frequency of the messaging**

  5. **A “Message and data rates may apply” disclosure**

** **

**Successful Example**| **Failed Example**  
---|---  
**“You are successfully opted in for messages from ACME for account notifications. Message and data rates may apply. Reply Help for additional support. Reply STOP to unsubscribe.”**** **| **“You opted in for messages”**** **** ****Why is this rejected? Opt-in message does not contain any information on brand and no information on opt-out process, campaign will be rejected.**** **  
  
** **

## **Opt-out Keywords**

**Please provide all keywords that allow end users to stop receiving messaging from this campaign.**

**Successful Example**| **Failed Example**  
---|---  
**“STOP, UNSUBSCRIBE, END, QUIT, HALT”**** **| **“Blank”**** **** **** ****Why is this rejected? default Opt-out handling is disabled. As such, opt-outs must be handled via Advanced Opt-Out or by your application. Specify the keywords you have configured for Opt-out handling.**** **  
  
** **

## **Opt-out Confirmation Message**

**When end users send opt-out keywords, the response messages need to include acknowledgement of opt-out request,  brand name, and confirmation that no further messages will be sent.**

** **

**Successful Example**| **Failed Example**  
---|---  
**"You have successfully been unsubscribed from Acme Corporation. You will not receive any more messages from this number."**** **| **“Opt-out successful. You will not receive any more message from us.”**** **** **** ****Why is this rejected? Opt-out message does not include brand, campaign will be rejected.**** **  
  
** **

## **Help Keywords**

**Please provide all keywords that allow end users to receive more information about this campaign.**

**Successful Example**| **Failed Example**  
---|---  
**“HELP, ISSUE, FIX, RESOLVE, INQUIRY”**** **| **“Blank”**** ****Why is this rejected? Default HELP keyword handling is disabled on the associated account. Customer must provide the keywords they have configured in Advanced Opt-out or their own application..**  
  
** **

## **Help Message**

**When end users send help, the response message needs to include brand name, phone number, or email address.**

** **

**Successful Example**| **Failed Example**  
---|---  
**"Acme Corporation: Please visit www.acmecorporation.com to get support. To opt-out, reply STOP."**| **“Blank”**** **** ****Why is this rejected? Default HELP keyword handling is disabled on the associated account. Customer must provide the HELP messages that are sent in response to HELP keywords they have configured in Advanced Opt-out or their own application.**  
  
** **

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

## ****How to check the reasons why my campaigns are rejected?****

**  
**

We've introduced some new updates from our developers. Now, you can also view rejection reasons directly in the UI. Once you are in the Trust center tab, click on "Failed" to review the Campaign Failure Reason. All failed/rejected campaigns will now display their specific failure reasons.

**  
**

**  
**

## **Campaign Failure Reasons**

**NOTE: TCR (The Campaign Registry) often rejects a campaign based on the first issue they encounter, potentially overlooking other issues. Do not focus solely on the rejection reason and instruct the client on how to resolve it, as they might correct that issue, resubmit, and face rejection again for a different reason. Instead, review the entire campaign submission and the client’s website to ensure everything is correct and compliant.  **

**MESSAGE_FLOW: The campaign submission has been reviewed and it was rejected**  because of provided Opt-in information.****

**  
**

Approved example:

End users opt-in by visiting - https://brandname.com/contact_us and filling in their details on the survey Users check a box to receive messages from us to provide their consent at the end of the survey: <https://storage.googleapis.com/msgsndr/xxxxxxxxx.png>

^ You can upload the screenshot of the opt-in to the Media file inside the sub-account, Make sure the link go straight to the form with an optional consent checkbox. If the checkbox is showing at the end of the survey, or behind an appointment form. Please supply a hosted link to an image of the opt-in

Possible Causes 

1\. Opt-in message workflow does not meet the requirements for the specific campaign type. 

2\. Consent is required but not adequately provided or maintained. 

3\. Opt-in information is shared with third-party entities. 

Possible Solutions 

1\. Ensure compliance with Messaging Policy relating to opt-in 

2\. Detail All Opt-in Methods: Include all methods of opt-in, whether electronic, paper form, in-person verbal opt-in, or other means. 

3\. Provide Necessary Links and Documentation: If opt-in is collected through a paper form or behind a login, supply a hosted link to an image of the opt-in. If the opt-in occurs on a website, provide the relevant link. 

4\. Include Privacy Policy and[ Terms of Service](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001426-terms-and-conditions-guidelines-for-a2p): The website where opt-in occurs must contain a privacy policy and terms of service. 

5\. Avoid Third-Party Sharing: Make sure that opt-in information is not shared with unauthorized third parties. 

6\. Ensure Opt-in is Verifiable: Each campaign is manually reviewed and needs to be verifiable by a human. 

Please resubmit the campaign with the following guides in mind. 

**  
**

**USE_CASE_DESCRIPTION: The campaign submission has been reviewed and it was rejected because of unverifiable website.**

  * Campaign vetting rejection - Invalid Website URL
    * The campaign submission has been reviewed and it was rejected because of unverifiable website.

  * Possible Causes
    * An invalid URL was provided during the registration process.
    * The website associated with the campaign is not functioning or inaccessible.
    * Opt-in flow is not found on website provided.
    * Lack of proper indication in the campaign description if the registration pertains to a pre-launch website.
  * Possible Solutions
    * Verify that the provided website(s) are functioning correctly, and accessible.
    * If the registration is for a pre-launch website, instead include a publically accessible URL to view a screenshot of the SMS opt-in flow that will appear.
    * If opt-in occurs on website, provide the direct link in the Message Flow field.
    * If opt-in is collected through a paper form or behind a login, supply a hosted link to an image of the opt-in. If the opt-in occurs on a website, provide the relevant link.
  * Once you have made a change to address the issue, please resubmit the campaign for review.

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**USE_CASE_DESCRIPTION: The campaign for a Sole Proprietorship Brand has been rejected due to incorrect registration and failure to meet the small business Sole Proprietor (EIN) criteria set by TCR and mobile carriers.**

Campaign rejection - Incorrect Sole Prop Brand Registration 

The campaign for a Sole Proprietorship Brand has been rejected due to incorrect registration and failure to meet the small business Sole Proprietor (EIN) criteria set by TCR and mobile carriers. 

Possible Causes 

Reasons for this failure can be: 

  * Failure to meet the specified criteria for Sole Proprietor registration, entities with EINs should be registered as a Standard Brand.
  * Incorrect or incomplete registration information provided during the brand registration process.
  * Inconsistencies or discrepancies in the provided information.

Possible Solutions 

  * Verify the accuracy and completeness of the registration information for the Sole Proprietorship Brand.
  * Ensure that the brand meets the criteria defined by TCR and mobile carriers for Sole Proprietor (EIN) registration.
  * If the brand does not qualify as a Sole Proprietorship, consider registering it as a standard brand according to the appropriate guidelines and requirements.
  * Register a standard or acceptable campaign use case that aligns with the registered brand's classification.

In conclusion, first question is, does the business have an EIN? For DBAs you must use the business name and address in the EIN registry number that you use.

**  
**

**  
**

**USE_CASE_DESCRIPTION: The campaign submission has been reviewed and it was rejected because of an unknown reason.**

Possible Causes

The campaign cannot be approved because of an unknown error and may stem from an issue raised by other vetting parties in the ecosystem.

Possible Solutions

Our Support team has the means to obtain more detailed information about this specific error. Please contact Customer Support for assistance in understanding the underlying problem and finding a resolution.

### USE_CASE_DESCRIPTION: The campaign submission has been reviewed and rejected due to inconsistencies between the sample message and the intended use-case of the campaign.

Possible Causes

  * Sample messages are missing, unclear, or their content does not match the campaign's use-case.
  * Invalid content within the sample messages.

Possible Solutions

  * Verify that the sample messages are accurate, detailed, and reflective of the actual messages to be sent under the campaign.
  * Indicate templated fields within sample messages using brackets.
  * At least one of the sample messages should include your business name and opt-out message.
  * Ensure at least two sample messages are provided.
  * Ensure that the use-case and campaign description align with each other.
  * Once you have made a change to address the issue, please resubmit the campaign for review.

* * *

# **Related Articles**

  * [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002369)[LC Phone System Trust Center ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001225526-lc-phone-system-trust-center)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [US Phone Number Registrations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002380-us-phone-number-registrations)
  * [[A2P Registration] Opt-In Form - Terms and Conditions Guidelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001426--a2p-registration-opt-in-form-terms-and-conditions-guidelines)
  * [A2P 10DLC Brand Approval Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000000508-a2p-10dlc-brand-approval-best-practices)
  * [A2P Sole Proprietor Brands Registration](/support/solutions/articles/155000000340-a2p-sole-proprietor-brands-registration)

## You may like to read -

  * [A2P 10DLC Campaign Vetting Changes - January 2023](/support/solutions/articles/48001229783-a2p-10dlc-campaign-vetting-changes-january-2023)
  * [LC Phone System Trust Center](/support/solutions/articles/48001225526-lc-phone-system-trust-center)
  * [Best Practices for SMS deliverability and Avoiding SMS Restrictions](/support/solutions/articles/155000000079-best-practices-for-sms-deliverability-and-avoiding-sms-restrictions)
  * [US Phone Number Registrations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002380-us-phone-number-registrations)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
