Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [MailGun](/support/solutions/folders/48000665892)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [MailGun](/support/solutions/folders/48000665892)
  6. What will be the order of Email Provider we will use to s...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# What will be the order of Email Provider we will use to send emails?

Modified on: Wed, 26 Jul, 2023 at 5:36 PM

# The order of Email Provider we will use to send emails:

# 1\. Sub-account Default Provider (Sub-account view)

2\. Email Settings for Locations (Agency view)

If no default provider is selected at the location level, it will be using the provider configured in Agency View. 

[](https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/email_services)[](https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/email_services)<https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/email_services>  

Setting up Mailgun for Locations:

  * You can configure each location with your client's own Mailgun or your mailgun
  * We can use the same Mailgun API and the same domain/subdomain for multiple locations
  * We can use the same Mailgun API and different domains/subdomains for multiple locations
  * We can use the different Mailgun API and domain/subdomain for multiple locations
  * You can also set up a unique domain/subdomain for each location to capture cold inbound emails. [Learn more about Cold Email Inbound Setup here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001185801-cold-email-inbound-setup).

Setting up LC email for Locations:

  * If you add the custom domain at the agency level, it will be used for all sub-accounts until you set up a custom domain at the subaccount level. In that case, it will use the subaccount one as the priority.
  * [What is LC - Email? I want to know more](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001220605)
  * [How to Migrate My Agency Over to LC - Email](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222501)
  * [How to Set Up a Dedicated Sending Domain (LC Email)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001226115)
  * [How to set up a Dedicated Sending Domain using GoDaddy (LC Email)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001237513)

We have a new download feature for email service settings. This option is especially beneficial for users managing high volume accounts, providing an easier way to handle your email settings:

3\. Agency Default provider in Email Services tab (Agency view)

[](https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/email_services)<https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/email_services>

  * Each new location will inherit the settings based on this configured Mailgun API key.
  * We will also use it to send the **email verification code**

**  
**

4\. LeadConnector Email

If nothing is set up, We will use something similar to this subdomain to send and receive emails.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Mailgun - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000981677-mailgun-overview)
  * [Step-by-step guide to set up Mailgun](/support/solutions/articles/48001219824-step-by-step-guide-to-set-up-mailgun)
  * [Mailgun Setup - GoDaddy Domain Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48000981678-mailgun-setup-godaddy-domain-setup)
  * [MailGun Setup - HostGator Domain Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48000981679-mailgun-setup-hostgator-domain-setup)

## You may like to read -

  * [Email Tracking for LC Email](/support/solutions/articles/155000003213-email-tracking-for-lc-email)
  * [Email Sending Guide: Email Best Practices & Email Warm Up](/support/solutions/articles/155000001021-email-sending-guide-email-best-practices-email-warm-up)
  * [DoNotDisturb (DND Split)](/support/solutions/articles/48001214849-donotdisturb-dnd-split-)
  * [Setting Up SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/articles/48001059689-setting-up-smtp-providers)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
