Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Customizing Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000704)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Customizing Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000704)
  6. Customizing Calendar Colors

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Customizing Calendar Colors

Modified on: Mon, 19 Aug, 2024 at 10:06 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Why Should You Customize Your Calendar?
  * How to Customize Calendar Colors
  * Frequently Asked Questions

* * *

# **Why Should You Customize Your Calendar?**

If you want to **maintain brand consistency** , then making sure your assets are all using the same color scheme is very important!

Customizing assets such as booking calendars can help you **stand out to your audience** , and will help you **maintain a neat and buttoned-up appearance** to customers and prospects.

As you can see in the image below, the logo for the company is clearly red, but all the elements in the calendar are blue. To maintain brand consistency, **the colors in the calendar should be red to match the logo.**

* * *

# **How to Customize Calendar Colors**

Below is an interactive guide on how to customize your calendar colors. If you still need more help, check out the rest of this help article below the interactive guide.

    **IMPORTANT:** You can ONLY customize the colors of your calendar if you are using the NEO calendar style.  

### **_Step 1:_**_  Navigate to Calendar Settings_

In order to customize your calendar colors, you'll need to navigate to the calendar settings section. You can get there by going to the **CALENDARS** tab in the main navigation, then clicking the **CALENDAR SETTINGS** button in the secondary navigation at the top of the screen.

### **_Step 2:_**_  Edit Calendar_

Once you're in the calendar settings section, you'll need to either create a new calendar or open an already existing calendar in order to edit the colors.

**Click the****  3-dot icon** located in the far right side of the calendar table in the column titled **"ACTION DROPDOWN"**. You'll see a small popup after clicking the icon, and in that popup you'll see a button labeled **"EDIT"**.

Click the **"EDIT"** button to start editing that particular calendar.

### **_Step 3:_**_  Navigate to "Customization" Tab_

After you've entered the editing section for your calendar, you'll see a small navigation bar on the left side of your screen. The bottom option in this navigation is labeled **"CUSTOMIZATIONS"**.

Click the **"CUSTOMIZATIONS"** tab in order to adjust your calendar's colors.

### **_Step 4:_**_  Customize Colors_

Once you're in the **"CUSTOMIZATIONS"** tab, scroll down until you see the color pickers. You will see 2 options to change colors in your calendar, **Primary Color** and **Background Color**. Within these 2 options, you can adjust your calendar colors using HEXA codes or by sliding the picker around on the color selector.

**HEXA -** These codes begin with a # and are used by many businesses to maintain an exact brand color across many different business assets.

**COLOR SLIDER -** By clicking on the small circle in the color picker, you can slide around and pick the exact color that fits your brand or style.

### **_Final Results_**

As you can see in the image below, after customizing the colors in our calendar, the brand colors are now consistent.

* * *

## **Frequently Asked Questions**

### **Q1: What's Affected by Changing Calendar Colors**

As you can see in the videos below, there are quite a few areas of you calendar that are affected when you change the colors. We wanted to should you how Both the **PRIMARY COLOR** and the **BACKGROUND COLOR** would change the look and feel of your calendar, so we created 2 separate examples below.

**What's Affected by the Primary Color:**

**What's Affected by the Background Color:**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Adding Custom Forms to Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/48001076135-adding-custom-forms-to-calendars)
  * [Customizing Calendar Colors](/support/solutions/articles/48001166407-customizing-calendar-colors)
  * [How to Use the Rich Text Editor to Enhance Your Calendar Descriptions](/support/solutions/articles/155000003059-how-to-use-the-rich-text-editor-to-enhance-your-calendar-descriptions)

## You may like to read -

  * [Automotive Detailing - Service Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/155000001619-automotive-detailing-service-calendar)
  * [HighLevel Group Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001161037-highlevel-group-calendar-overview)
  * [iCloud Integration with Highlevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000001184-icloud-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [How to connect iCloud with Highlevel?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001477-how-to-connect-icloud-with-highlevel-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
