Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
  4. [Facebook Integration](/support/solutions/folders/48000666319)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
     * [Facebook Integration](/support/solutions/folders/48000666319)
  6. Facebook Pages missing in Page Selector Dropdown during i...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Facebook Pages missing in Page Selector Dropdown during integration.

Modified on: Thu, 6 Apr, 2023 at 4:32 AM

The issue with Facebook Business Page(s) not showing up when you integrate FB with your CRM account is relatively common, and this article aims to help you troubleshoot that.

* * *

## **How to fix the issue with FB pages not showing up in the Page Selector dropdown?**

You will start by going to your [Facebook account](http://www.Facebook.com). Followed by that, you will head over to the top right avatar icon with your profile picture in it and then head to **Settings and Privacy:**  
  
****  
  
Inside**Settings and Privacy,** click on **Settings.**  
****  

You can follow that up by going to**[Business Integrations](https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=business_tools&ref=settings) **on the left:  

Once there, please click on **view and edit** in front of the **LeadConnector  **app:  

Please make sure that all the toggles are turned on; scroll down all the way and toggle everything on:

**Please Note:**

    Only the User that integrated the FB page will be able to see that page in the dropdown of pages. They need to be the admin of that FB page to see it in the dropdown of pages and will no longer see other accounts' FB Pages in the list.

When a list of pages shows up with checkboxes in front of them, mark all those pages that are relevant to your Agency's sub-accounts: 

Once done, please click on **Save.**  
  
**Please Note:**

    If there are pages already marked over here, Please **DO NOT** unmark them, as this will break off their integration with your agency's sub accounts even if you are not currently trying to integrate them in this sub account.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [(Guest Tutorial) Pabbly Connect - How to integrate Facebook Leads Ads with Your Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001223700--guest-tutorial-pabbly-connect-how-to-integrate-facebook-leads-ads-with-your-sub-account)
  * [A Facebook Token Has Expired In Your HighLevel Account](/support/solutions/articles/48000981594-a-facebook-token-has-expired-in-your-highlevel-account)
  * [Facebook Conversion Leads Walkthrough](/support/solutions/articles/48001233833-facebook-conversion-leads-walkthrough)
  * [Facebook Conversions API Trigger in Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001185099-facebook-conversions-api-trigger-in-workflows)

## You may like to read -

  * [Facebook Lead Ad Integration & Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48000987779-facebook-lead-ad-integration-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to sell products on Facebook and Instagram Shops?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004055-how-to-sell-products-on-facebook-and-instagram-shops-)
  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
