Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [User Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666473)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [User Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666473)
  6. Email Signatures

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Email Signatures

Modified on: Wed, 9 Feb, 2022 at 6:18 PM

# **Follow the steps below to create Email Signatures for users:**

Click on Settings

Click on My Staff

Click on **Edit** for the user you want to update the user signature for

Expand User Info

Scroll to the Email signature section

You can also insert the code here

You can ask the user to log in and go to the Profile tab to edit the Email signature

Click save

**Follow the steps below to automatically append the email signature to email event templates**

  1. Click Marketing
  2. Click Campaigns
  3. Click the name of a campaign to open up the campaign (or create a new campaign if you don't already have one)
  4. Click Campaign Configurations
  5. Use the drop down in the Users field to assign user(s) to the campaign
  6. Click Save
  7. Click Edit on an email event within the campaign (or add an email event)
  8. Within the email template click Custom Values -> User -> Signature. Make sure the code given is at the bottom of the email template (where you would expect to see an email signature)
  9. Click Save
  10. Make sure the campaign is Published if you want to be able to add contacts to it (top right drop down within the campaign)

Done! Now all of the contacts that get put into this campaign will be assigned to the user(s) assigned to the campaign and will receive the email signature within the email event pertaining to the user they were assigned.

Click [here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/help/round-robin-campaigns) to learn more about **Round Robin Campaigns**

**FAQ:**

**Why is the user signature blank when I send a manual email in the conversation tab?**

If email signatures are not working, make sure that you are logged in as the user with the signature.

If you are logged in as an agency trying to send an email on behalf of the user, the user signature will not work.

However, the workaround is to send the email through the workflow/campaign instead of sending them manually. You can use the other methods listed here aside from the conversation manual way:

<https://gohighlevelassist.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/articles/48001208887-how-to-send-a-test-email-in-the-conversation>

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [User Access](/support/solutions/articles/48000982600-user-access)
  * [User Permissions, Assigned Data, and Owners](/support/solutions/articles/48000982601-user-permissions-assigned-data-and-owners)
  * [Email Signatures](/support/solutions/articles/48000982598-email-signatures)
  * [Admin Vs. User Permissions](/support/solutions/articles/48001078296-admin-vs-user-permissions)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use Documents & Contracts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000594-how-to-use-documents-contracts-)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Proposals and Estimates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003712-multiple-recipient-support-on-proposals-and-estimates)
  * [List of Custom Values (Merge Fields)](/support/solutions/articles/48001078171-list-of-custom-values-merge-fields-)
  * [Multiple recipient support on Documents & Contracts](/support/solutions/articles/155000001300-multiple-recipient-support-on-documents-contracts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
