Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [MailGun](/support/solutions/folders/48000665892)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [MailGun](/support/solutions/folders/48000665892)
  6. Mailgun - Overview

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Mailgun - Overview

Modified on: Tue, 6 Aug, 2024 at 1:14 PM

# 

    For complete step-by-step instructions on how to setup Mailgun in HighLevel, [see this article](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001219824-step-by-step-guide-to-set-up-mailgun)

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What is Mailgun?
  * How much will Mailgun cost?
  * What domain should I use?
    * There are two different ways to set up Mailgun with HighLevel:
      * 1\. One Sub-domain
      * 2\. Multiple Sub-domains
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Related Articles

# [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001219824-step-by-step-guide-to-set-up-mailgun)

* * *

# **What is Mailgun?**

Mailgun is a third-party service we use to send emails in bulk. Similar to how we use Twilio to send text messages and calls. For new onboarding agencies, you will be using [LC email](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001220605) by default, which is living under our Mailgun account.

# **How much will Mailgun cost?**

Mailgun's Foundation plan is starting at $35/month. Learn more about [Mailgun pricing here](https://www.mailgun.com/pricing/). 

# **What domain should I use?**

We recommend using a subdomain with Mailgun, like "mg.mydomain.com". Using a subdomain you will be able to send emails from your root domain e.g. "you@mydomain.com".

If using a subdomain please make sure that you configure MX records for the subdomain for optimal delivery. This is configured within your Mailgun account. 

Note: You can only add domains you own. You will need to update the domain's DNS records to verify that you are an authorized owner or sender for this domain.

## There are two different ways to set up Mailgun with HighLevel:

| Pros:| Cons:  
---|---|---  
  
### **1\. One Sub-domain**

You can set up one sub-domain in Mailgun for your marketing agency domain and use that same sub-domain for email sending across all of your client accounts in HighLevel  
| 

  * Easy setup - only need to set up one subdomain for your domain which you already have access to
  * Emails are white-labeled to your marketing agency domain or you can buy a generic domain so it will not show any agency branding

| If your domain gets disabled (gets a bad score due to bounce rates) email will stop working for all of your clients since all of their accounts are powered by the same domain.  
The solution: don't send spammy emails to poor email addresses :-)  

### **2\. Multiple Sub-domains**

You can set up a subdomain in Mailgun for each of your client's domains and use that subdomain for sending for their specific HighLevel account. Once you set up a unique domain/subdomain for each location to capture cold inbound emails. [Learn more about Cold Email Inbound Setup here.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001185801-cold-email-inbound-setup)  
| 

  * Emails are white-labelled per the client domain 
  * If a client's domain gets disabled email only goes down for their client account

| Difficult setup - time-consuming having to set up a subdomain for all of your clients and getting access to each of their domains  

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

Currently no frequently asked questions. Submit feedback on this article to help is add questions to this section!

* * *

# **Related Articles**

  * [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002369)[How to setup Mailgun for HIghLevel](http://Frequently%20Asked%20Questions%20Currently%20no%20frequently%20asked%20questions.%20Submit%20feedback%20on%20this%20article%20to%20help%20is%20add%20questions%20to%20this%20section!%20%20Related%20Articles%20How%20To%20Connect%20Your%20Google%20Calendar)

###   

##   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Mailgun - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000981677-mailgun-overview)
  * [Step-by-step guide to set up Mailgun](/support/solutions/articles/48001219824-step-by-step-guide-to-set-up-mailgun)
  * [Mailgun Setup - GoDaddy Domain Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48000981678-mailgun-setup-godaddy-domain-setup)
  * [MailGun Setup - HostGator Domain Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48000981679-mailgun-setup-hostgator-domain-setup)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Trigger - Email Events](/support/solutions/articles/155000002678-workflow-trigger-email-events)
  * [Troubleshooting Email statistics](/support/solutions/articles/48001208601-troubleshooting-email-statistics)
  * [Step-by-step guide to set up Mailgun](/support/solutions/articles/48001219824-step-by-step-guide-to-set-up-mailgun)
  * [How to setup Replies in MailGun](/support/solutions/articles/48000987293-how-to-setup-replies-in-mailgun)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
