Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How to change the Content of An Ongoing Email Campaign

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to change the Content of An Ongoing Email Campaign

Modified on: Wed, 25 May, 2022 at 7:09 AM

There are many times when an **ongoing email campaign for Schedule, RSS Schedule  and Batch Schedule Delivery has content errors like spelling mistakes, text changes, or link changes to meet the standards of the brand.** 

There are times when the stats are very important, it is impossible to delete the campaign. _With this change, the user will be able to change the content for ongoing email campaigns_ for Simple Schedule, RSS and Batch Schedule before the next execution date. 

The user will be required to visit the **Marketing > Email**. Please visit the**  Email Campaign tab, it will have a list of Email Campaign listed with Schedule, RSS Schedule and Batch Schedule which are ongoing and has the execution dates mentioned.**  
  
There will be option in**  Actions > Update Email Content. **

In the action button, there will be an option of Update Email Content. The user can make the changes to the details of the email like changing the elements or words. Once the changes are done, they will be required to Save Edits.  

    Note: We are not 100% sure that the copy will get changed before the emails go for the next execution on the server.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to personalize you campaigns with conditional element](/support/solutions/articles/155000003903-how-to-personalize-you-campaigns-with-conditional-element)
  * [Email Builder: Understanding Advance Conditions for Smart Lists and Tags](/support/solutions/articles/48001223041-email-builder-understanding-advance-conditions-for-smart-lists-and-tags)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
