Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  6. How to Configure Brand System-Generated Links (API Domain)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Configure Brand System-Generated Links (API Domain)

Modified on: Thu, 10 Oct, 2024 at 1:22 PM

With our API domains (Branded Domains), you can brand your system-generated links to represent a chosen domain. We highly recommend adding your API domain to increase deliverability and brand recognition when sending out links.

Setting a custom API domain updates the domain shown in the links that are generated for:

  * Forms
  * Surveys
  * Calendar Links
  * Trigger Links
  * Shortlinks
  * Review Links

### **You can brand system-generated links at two levels:**

**1\. Agency Level (API Domain)**

**2\. Sub-Account Level (Branded Domain)**

* * *

# **Agency Level (API Domain)**

Configuring your API Domain at the agency level creates a default branded domain that will be used by all sub-accounts. This will apply to links generated for things like the Calendar Scheduler and Invoices, for example.

To configure a branded domain at the Agency Level: 

  * Within the Agency View, go to "Settings" > "Company" and scroll to the API Domain field shown below
  * Enter the sub-domain you want the system to use when creating links (something like links.yoursite.com)

  * Next, go to to your domain registrar (e.g. GoDaddy, CloudFlare, Namecheap, etc) and create a CNAME record in your DNS settings for (using the example above) 'links' that points to **brand.ludicrous.cloud**

**  
**

  * ** _IMPORTANT_ : Scroll to the bottom of Agency Settings page > Company page and click the "Update Company" button to save your changes.**

* * *

# **Sub-Account Level (Branded Domain)**

Configuring your API Domain (Branded Domain) at the sub-account level creates a default branded domain that will be used for only that sub-account. This supersedes the agency level branded domain.

To configure a branded domain at the Sub-Account Level: 

  * Within the Sub-Account view, go to "Settings" > "Business Profile" and scroll to the Branded Domain field
  * Enter the sub-domain you want the system to use when creating links (something like links.yourclient.com)

  * Click the "Add Domain" button and the [domain connect wizard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000734-how-to-use-the-domain-connect-feature-) will launch. Follow the prompts to have the wizard automatically create the CNAME in your domain registrar

If you need to create the CNAME manually:

  * Go to your domain registrar and create a CNAME record in your DNS settings for (using the example above) 'links' that points to **brand.ludicrous.cloud**

  * ** _IMPORTANT_****:  ****Scroll****  to the bottom of Sub-Account Settings > Business Profile page and click the "Update Information" button to save your changes.**

## **Troubleshooting:**

    **NOTE** : If you previously set up your API/Branded domain and you want to update it to run on brand.ludicrous.cloud, you'll need to first clear the API/Branded Domain field, click Update Company to save, then re-enter your sub-domain into the API/Branded Domain field and save again. 

    The API Domain is **not** for development purposes and is only designed to **White Label (or mask) the links generated** for the features mentioned in the above article.   
      
    Your API Domain will not function in replace of any API Documentation provided on [https://developers.gohighlevel.com](https://developers.gohighlevel.com/). Please use the endpoints exactly as provided if you are developing third-party integrations. We currently do not offer White Label API endpoints for API 2.0 or API 1.0.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know](/support/solutions/articles/48000982604-an-inside-look-at-agency-company-settings-what-you-need-to-know)
  * [How to Configure Brand System-Generated Links (API Domain)](/support/solutions/articles/48001143244-how-to-configure-brand-system-generated-links-api-domain-)
  * [How To Upgrade To The HighLevel Pro Plan](/support/solutions/articles/48001180534-how-to-upgrade-to-the-highlevel-pro-plan)
  * [How to Delete a Sub-Account/Locations](/support/solutions/articles/48001184862-how-to-delete-a-sub-account-locations)

## You may like to read -

  * [An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know](/support/solutions/articles/48000982604-an-inside-look-at-agency-company-settings-what-you-need-to-know)
  * [Setting up Whitelabel Domain, API Domain, Email Sending Domain, Sites Domain, Client Portal Domain & more](/support/solutions/articles/155000002561-setting-up-whitelabel-domain-api-domain-email-sending-domain-sites-domain-client-portal-domain-)
  * [FAQs for Affiliate Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/155000003645-faqs-for-affiliate-campaigns)
  * [How to Promote and Customize Your Mobile App: A Comprehensive Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000000089-how-to-promote-and-customize-your-mobile-app-a-comprehensive-guide)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
