Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  6. How to Create a Whitelabel Membership App (PWA)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Create a Whitelabel Membership App (PWA)

Modified on: Mon, 7 Nov, 2022 at 10:38 AM

Your students will love having access to your membership content anytime, anywhere. Improve their learning experience with your very unique Whitelabel Membership app.  
  
Upload your own icons and customize the look and feel of your app. This is not like your traditional app it's built as a "Progressive Web Application". An app that improves as new features are added. It is however still a website and is very easy to build and maintain, but provides an app-like experience for its users.  
  
In this article, we'll cover how to create a Whitelabel Membership App:

* * *

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### **What are Progressive Web Apps?**

#### **What OS versions and browsers support PWA?**

#### **How to Customize and Install a Membership PWA? (Desktop Version Video)**

#### Customizing a Membership PWA:

#### Installing PWA on a Windows Computer:

#### Installing PWA on a Mac Computer:

#### Installing PWA on an Android Mobile device:

#### Installing PWA on an iOS Mobile Device:

* * *

## **What are Progressive Web Apps?**

Progressive web apps are not native Android or iOS apps but have capabilities that are very close to native apps.

We can store data offline, we can send post notifications. A PWA is essentially a “boosted” web app that can load some of its content even without an internet connection. It does that by storing the data in an offline cache.  
  
Once installed, a PWA looks like any other app, it has features such as:

  1. It has an icon on the home screen, app launcher, launchpad, or start menu.
  2. It appears when you search for apps on the device.
  3. It opens in a standalone window, wholly separated from a browser's user interface.
  4. It can work offline.

## **What OS versions and browsers support  **

## **PWA?**

PWA compatibility varies with what device and OS you are using. For now, PWA is only compatible with the following browsers:

**Mac:  **Chrome 45+,

**Windows:** Chrome 45+, Brave (latest)

**Android:** Chrome (Push Notifications Supported)

**iOS:** Safari 11.3+ (Push notifications Not Supported)

##   

* * *

## **How to Customize and Install a Membership PWA? (Desktop Version Video)**

###   

###   

### **Customizing a Membership PWA:**

To customize your Memberships PWA, Please head to **Sites > Memberships> Settings> App Settings:**  
****  

You can switch the**Enable PWA  **toggle once you are sure that your Customization is complete.  
Under **App Details,  **you can enter the **Name****, Short Name,  **and **  Description.**  
****  

Under**App Icon  **you can customize the icon of your app:  

**Please Note:**

    We have no control over which image the device OS actually does populate in the end but we have provided these two options to make the decision easier for the OS in the backend. Chrome automatically scales the icon for the device.  
      
    Supported file formats for icon images are **JPEG  **and **PNG**(PNG recommended for Android Apps)**.**  
     File Size should not be an issue here as long as it is accepted by the device.

Under **App Colors  ** you can customize the color scheme of your app:  

**Please Note:**

    You are limited to the color options available as of now, Custom Colors are not available (Nor advised) as they can break your app's visual design.

Once all of this is done, you can scroll up **Toggle on Enable PWA,** and then **Save.**  

If the **Name  **field is left unfilled or if you have not uploaded even one **App Icon** , the save button will be greyed out and make it impossible for you to save

###   

* * *

### **Installing PWA on a Windows Computer:**

Installing PWA on a Windows computer is covered in detail[ in this part of the video](https://www.loom.com/share/8edb9fb045e140c3a6d3d67b0292acf1?t=134) above.

After you are done customizing and enabling your Memberships WPA, all that is needed to be done by your client is for them to click on this icon in their Browser Address Bar in **Chrome, when logging in to your Memberships Login Portal:**  

And it would allow them to access your WPA on their desktop as a shortcut:

The **Brave** browser on Windows can be installed in the same way:

**Please Note:**

    Being logged in to the Memberships course portal before installing the WPA is **not required.**

###   

* * *

### **Installing PWA on a Mac Computer:**

Once your PWA configurations are complete and PWA is enabled, only using a Chrome browser your clients would be able to download the Memberships PWA by clicking here when logging in to your Memberships Login Portal:  

Depending on your Chrome download preferences, your WPA will either be downloaded in your Chrome apps dashboard:

Or on your Mac desktop:  

* * *

### **Installing PWA on an Android Mobile device:**

PWA is only supported on a Chrome browser in an Android device. It can be installed by Adding the PWA to your Home Screen from your Chrome browser as in the video below.  

* * *

### **Installing PWA on an iOS Mobile Device:**

On an iOS Mobile device, only Safari (versions 11.3+) is supported for PWA. On your iPhone/iPad, open Safari and open the memberships website. Follow the onscreen pop-up instructions as follows:  

* * *

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Add Membership Signups To Funnel Pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001143787-add-membership-signups-to-funnel-pages)
  * [Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked & drip content](/support/solutions/articles/155000002174-courses-in-app-notifications-for-comment-unlocked-drip-content)
  * [How do first time users Set Login Password, Request Forgotten Password for their membership portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002847-how-do-first-time-users-set-login-password-request-forgotten-password-for-their-membership-portal-)
  * [How To Build Courses / Membership Sites](/support/solutions/articles/48001141015-how-to-build-courses-membership-sites)

## You may like to read -

  * [Legacy Membership To Client Portal Migration](/support/solutions/articles/155000002045-legacy-membership-to-client-portal-migration)
  * [Memberships | How to connect your custom domain / subdomain](/support/solutions/articles/48001155428-memberships-how-to-connect-your-custom-domain-subdomain)
  * [How To Send New Membership Users Custom Emails With Their Login Information](/support/solutions/articles/48001147956-how-to-send-new-membership-users-custom-emails-with-their-login-information)
  * [Magic Links In Memberships(Courses)](/support/solutions/articles/48001207804-magic-links-in-memberships-courses-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
