Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Logic & Fulfillment](/support/solutions/48000452118)
  4. [Logic & Fulfillment](/support/solutions/folders/48000673695)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Logic & Fulfillment](/support/solutions/48000452118)
     * [Logic & Fulfillment](/support/solutions/folders/48000673695)
  6. How to Use Custom Fields

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Use Custom Fields

Modified on: Sat, 20 Apr, 2024 at 12:37 AM

Custom Values allow you to add specific pieces of information related to a contact in the CRM. Once a Custom Field has been added to the system, it will appear in every contact detail page. You can use these Custom Fields to keep track of information that's specific to the business and also use them as reference points in other areas like emails, text messages, notes, and more. 

To create a Custom Field, first go to "Settings" > "Custom Fields."

    Here you will see a list of the standard fields that are included with each sub-account and any Custom Fields that have already been added. Note: Custom Fields are created within a sub-account and not shared between other sub-accounts.

Click the "Add Field" button at the top right of the screen and select the field type you'd like to use. 

Next, add the required information into the input boxes, including "Name," "Group," and the "Option Name" and "Option Value" if you are adding a Custom Field type with multiple options.. Then, click "Save"

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Triggers](/support/solutions/articles/48001157620-triggers)
  * [Zapier](/support/solutions/articles/48001157622-zapier)
  * [Contact Flow](/support/solutions/articles/48001157626-contact-flow)
  * [Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001157629-campaigns)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use Custom Fields for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000521-how-to-use-custom-fields-for-opportunities)
  * [How to use Custom Fields for Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000000561-how-to-use-custom-fields-for-opportunities)
  * [Advanced Filters for Custom Objects](/support/solutions/articles/155000004013-advanced-filters-for-custom-objects)
  * [Workflow - Date/Time Formatter Action](/support/solutions/articles/48001237982-workflow-date-time-formatter-action)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
