Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Converting funnels and websites with the new import feature

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Converting funnels and websites with the new import feature

Modified on: Sat, 12 Feb, 2022 at 12:56 AM

# **Overview**

Ever wanted to convert or import a website or funnel page into a new funnel/website you're building? With the new import feature this can now be achieved on the fly. 

# ****

## **How does it work?**

**Step 1:  **Click on"**\+ Add New Step** " button to add a new page to your funnel or website, 

**Step 2:** A pop up will appear, continue to name your page and path

**Step 3:  **Click on "Create Funnel Step" to close the pop up

**Step 4:** A new modal window will appear in the funnel preview area, click on the "Import" button

**Step 5** : Select which page you would like to import and click "**import** "

# 

### **Please Note:**

  * #### In order to import or convert a funnel/website you first have to add a new step

  * #### Import Funnel / Website feature imports**  only a single** funnel step or a webpage

  * #### You may only _import an existing_ funnel step or website page within HighLevel

  * #### Does not import from other websites/funnel providers

  * #### Changes to any imported step/page will NOT affect the original step/page

  * #### The import feature will NOT import the products configured or the stats accumulated on the source funnel step. Products have to be configured again after the import

  * #### ****** You can import a control or variation step in a funnel as well

  * #### ****** If you want to run split test on websites, please import that pages into funnels and run a split test there.

####   

****** Split testing is available on PRO plans only

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [Import and or Cloning Funnels & Websites](/support/solutions/articles/48001076117-import-and-or-cloning-funnels-websites)
  * [How to import a Funnel From ClickFunnels?](/support/solutions/articles/48000980322-how-to-import-a-funnel-from-clickfunnels-)
  * [Save, Draft and Publish Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/articles/155000001913-save-draft-and-publish-funnels-and-websites)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
