Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to connect Instagram Business account with Social Pla...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to connect Instagram Business account with Social Planner

Modified on: Thu, 9 May, 2024 at 1:47 PM

Once you have successfully completed the below steps 

#### Note: If you have not converted your Instagram personal profile to a business profile. You need to perform the below mentioned two steps:

  * #### How to make an Instagram profile into a business account

  * #### How to connect an Instagram business account with your Facebook account

**Step 1:**  **Go to Social Planner > Setting**

The first step is to navigate to Marketing, and click on the Social Planner.

On Visiting Social Planner, there will be a wizard with connect option, or after visiting the overview of Social Planner will have a Setting option (gear icon)

**Step 2:** After clicking Add account, there will be an option to **add the Instagram Business Account**

**Step 3:** It will ask you to choose Facebook and provide the permissions for Social Planner. Use your Facebook account that has an Instagram Business account connected with it, type in the necessary details, and click on Log In.

**Step 4:** Next step is to **select Instagram Business Profile(s),** you wish to add to Social Planner.

    If the Instagram Business Profile is not verified it means that Instagram Business Account is not connected to any Facebook page. This is a requirement from Facebook to post.

****

**Step 5:** You can manage the accounts from the Setting Icon

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Instagram Reels Publishing Guide for the Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000000441-instagram-reels-publishing-guide-for-the-social-planner)
  * [How to connect your Instagram business or creator account with your Facebook account?](/support/solutions/articles/48001213003-how-to-connect-your-instagram-business-or-creator-account-with-your-facebook-account-)
  * [Failed Post Error in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001218255-failed-post-error-in-social-planner)
  * [How to Connect TikTok in Social Planner?](/support/solutions/articles/48001227317-how-to-connect-tiktok-in-social-planner-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
