Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
  4. [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
     * [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  6. How to use Affiliate Portal

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to use Affiliate Portal

Modified on: Tue, 18 Oct, 2022 at 9:40 AM

The new affiliate portal allows you to become an affiliate, look at your affiliate reports & manage your payouts. Let's get started!

*Note: If you do not have a HighLevel account, you can follow along at <https://gohighlevel.firstpromoter.com>*

 **Please Note**

     These features are visible only to Agency Admins. 

####   

#### **Covered in this article:**

#### **New to the HighLevel Affiliate Program?**

#### **How do I know if I am already an affiliate or not?**

#### Where can I find my affiliate link?

#### Pro Plan Affiliate Link

#### Can I change my link?

#### Can I have custom tracking with my link?

#### **I am an existing affiliate. Where do I see my Reports?**

#### How can I identify the people I have referred?

#### **How do I get paid?**

#### Understanding Payouts

#### **Can I recruit more affiliates under my account?**

#### Where do I see my Sub-Affiliates?

* * *

## **New to the HighLevel Affiliate Program?**

You can learn more about why the HighLevel affiliate program is the absolute best recurring revenue opportunity for Marketing Agencies all over the world by visiting the Affiliate Portal -> About page

This section explains all the benefits of being a HighLevel affiliate and gets you started on the path of making more recurring income. This page also allows you to get on a call with our affiliate manager and get your questions answered in our Q&A.

* * *

## **How do I know if I am already an affiliate or not?**

All HighLevel agency accounts are automatically given an affiliate link (promoter referral code) when they signup for HighLevel. _Most likely  _you'll already be an affiliate and would not need to signup for a new affiliate account. 

[](https://gohighlevel.firstpromoter.com/)[](https://gohighlevel.firstpromoter.com/)

If you are not a HighLevel customer but would still want to become an affiliate you can register here - <https://gohighlevel.firstpromoter.com/> 

###   
**Where can I find my affiliate link?**

You can find your affiliate link (promoter referral code) by going to Affiliate Portal -> Dashboard

###   
**Pro Plan Affiliate Link**

You can also find your 14-day pro plan links here as well by clicking the "Links" dropdown.  

### **Can I change my link?  
**

Yes. If you would like to change the ref code on the end of your link click the customize link button!  

Here you can edit the FP code of your Affiliate link. After that click "save" and you are good to go!  

### **Can I have custom tracking with my link?**

Yes! Yes! You can have one Promoter ID but create multiple link variations to be able to track which links brought in clicks and referrals. All sales from all affiliate links that you create will be attributed to the same affiliate account (_yours_).

This allows you to create links for different channels that you are promoting your affiliate link on and allows you track conversions better.

* * *

## **I am an existing affiliate. Where do I see my Reports?**

To see a summary report of your page views, clicks, signups, customers & earnings by month please go to Affiliate Portal -> Details

### **How can I identify the people I have referred?**

You can go to Affiliate Portal -> Referrals to see a list of the recent sign-ups that happened via your affiliate links. Further, you can see the trial, customer, paying -vs- cancelled breakdown of your leads.  

[Check out this help doc for more info about the Refferals tab here!](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001213448-affiliate-refferal-page-leads-customers-cancelled-statuses)

Successful affiliates use this information to create communities & groups (like slack channels, facebook groups, etc.) of all their agency referral clients to mentor them and keep them successful for a long time. Since HighLevel pays a recurring revenue it has a direct impact on your payouts. 

You can also set up affiliate webhooks with Zapier! Learn how [here!](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001163126)  

* * *

## **How do I get paid?**

You can set your payout preferences by going to Affiliate Portal -> Payment Details  
  
We are now using a platform called “Tipalti” to help us with our affiliate payments! Affiliates can request different payment methods, get tax forms organized, and more while using Tipalti. ([Learn more about Tipalti](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001205467-affiliate-payment-processors-tipalti-a-more-robust-payment-system-))  
  
Go to payment details to get started and set up your account information to start receiving payouts through Tipalti.

**Currently,** **affiliates cannot be paid unless they use Tipalti.**  
  
**_Note: These details are viewable with anyone with agency admin permissions. If you do not want other agency users to see this information swap them to an agency user role.  
  
Agency Settings > Agency Team management(Team)> Edit user > User roles_ **

[Are you all setup but still getting portal errors, pending payment statuses, or haven't been Paid? Check out this help doc for more help.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001208136-affiliate-payouts-where-how-when-can-i-get-paid-)

_Tipalti Perks:_  

Tipalti helps us manage payments, provides additional payment methods, and helps us stay compliant with all required paperwork for the affiliate relationship.

New Payment Methods:

  * For US-based affiliates: Direct Deposit, PayPal, or Debit Card
  * For International affiliates: ACH Transfers, PayPal, or Debit Card

A quick onboarding experience:

  * The account can be set up in minutes
  * The registration process allows the affiliate to choose and set up a preferred payment method
  * In-app ability to complete required tax forms

A “one-stop-shop” for payments:

  * Instant access to payment status and history
  * Ability to make changes to the payment method

###   
 _**Understanding Payouts**_

We approve and send all payments on the 15th of each month for all commissions earned the previous month. So, for example, if 3 people signed up through your affiliate link and paid for their $297 subscription on any date between Sept 1st and Sept 30th, you would receive 3 x $118 ($297 x 40% x 3) on October 15th.

Note: Each new signup starts with a 14-trial, but commissions are tracked based on the date they actually become a paid customer (not a trial signup).  
  
Sometimes there may be a 24-48 hour delay for the arrival of funds into depending on your payment method.

* * *

## **Can I recruit more affiliates under my account?**

Yes! You can add more affiliates under your affiliate account (sub-affiliates) to get a secondary commission from the sales made by your affiliates. HighLevel supports level 1 commissions (40% per month recurring) and level 2 commissions (5% per month recurring). 

> NOTE: All of your active HighLevel affiliates are already added as sub-affiliates to your account. Only use this feature if you are recruiting non-HighLevel users to be HighLevel affiliates.

You can read more about this here - <https://www.gohighlevel.com/affiliate-policy>

### **Where do I see my Sub-Affiliates?**

You can go to Affiliate Portal -> Sub-Affiliates to see your sub-affiliates and level 2 commissions  

Your Sub-affiliate tab is where you can check how well your affiliate customers are also promoting HL.  
  
You will also get a 5% commission from customers they refer to HighLevel!

>   
> 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

## You may like to read -

  * [Glossary](/support/solutions/articles/155000003633-glossary)
  * [FAQs for Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003654-faqs-for-affiliates)
  * [Affiliate Payouts: Where, How, When Can I Get Paid?](/support/solutions/articles/48001208136-affiliate-payouts-where-how-when-can-i-get-paid-)
  * [First Steps to be a Successful HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48001182420-first-steps-to-be-a-successful-highlevel-affiliate)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
