Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  6. Custom Menu Links

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Custom Menu Links

Modified on: Fri, 18 Oct, 2024 at 5:18 AM

Custom menu links allows agencies to customise your HighLevel navigation menu experience to sub-accounts, as well as your fellow agency users.

## **TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * ## What are custom menu links?

  * Who can manage Custom Menu Links?
  * How do I create and manage Custom Menu Links?
  * What are the customisation options available?
    * Custom menu link - open mode
    * Reorder custom menu links
    * Limit the custom menu links visibility to Agency or Sub-account of both
    * Limit the custom menu links visibility to specific locations only
    * Role based visibility

## **What are custom menu links?**

Custom menu links enable your HighLevel users to navigate to external web-pages from within HighLevel. This can be configured in three ways:

  1. Open the page as an embedded page (iFrame) within the HighLevel application
  2. Open the page in a new browser tab
  3. Open the page in the current browser tab, redirecting the user away from HighLevel application

#   

## **Who can manage Custom Menu Links?**

The option to add and manage custom menu links is available to Agency Users only. As agency owner or an admin, you may choose to restrict the permission to manage custom menu links to specific users by navigating to Settings > Team > Permissions.

#   

## **How do I create and manage Custom Menu Links?**

Custom menu links can be managed under Admin > Settings

# 

To create new a custom menu link, you must click on 'Create New' and provide the following three mandatory details

  * **Icon** \- choose from a catalog of menu icons available
  * **Title  **\- the name that must be visible in the navigation menu
  * **Link** \- the link that should open when user clicks on the menu

#   

## **What are the customisation options available?**

##   

### **Custom menu link - open mode**

Custom menu links can be configured to open in three ways:

  1. Open the page as an embedded page (iFrame) within the HighLevel application
  2. Open the page in a new browser tab
  3. Open the page in the current browser tab, redirecting the user away from HighLevel application

****  

### **Reorder custom menu links**

You may reorder the custom menu links within the navigation menu by clicking on 'Rearrange Menu Links' and then dragging the menus as required.

##   

### **Limit the custom menu links visibility to Agency or Sub-account of both**

Custom menu links can be configured to be available across Agency menu, sub-account menu or both.

##   

### **Limit the custom menu links visibility to specific locations only**

You can choose to display a custom menu links to specific locations only.

##   

### **Role based visibility**

You may restrict the menus to specific users only - Users, Admins or both. This, in combination with Agency / Sub-account and sub-account selection configs, allows you to granularly control the menu's visibility.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know](/support/solutions/articles/48000982604-an-inside-look-at-agency-company-settings-what-you-need-to-know)
  * [How to Configure Brand System-Generated Links (API Domain)](/support/solutions/articles/48001143244-how-to-configure-brand-system-generated-links-api-domain-)
  * [How To Upgrade To The HighLevel Pro Plan](/support/solutions/articles/48001180534-how-to-upgrade-to-the-highlevel-pro-plan)
  * [How to Delete a Sub-Account/Locations](/support/solutions/articles/48001184862-how-to-delete-a-sub-account-locations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Wix Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239773-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-wix-website)
  * [Client Portal - Single Sign On (SSO) and Magic Links](/support/solutions/articles/155000001667-client-portal-single-sign-on-sso-and-magic-links)
  * [Editing Opportunities](/support/solutions/articles/155000002001-editing-opportunities)
  * [Call Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/155000002705-call-reporting)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
