Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. Workflow - Date/Time Formatter Action

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow - Date/Time Formatter Action

Modified on: Tue, 16 Jan, 2024 at 4:49 AM

With the Date/Time Formatter action, you can reformat the Date or Date and Time as per your requirement. You can also compare dates using the action.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Format Date
  * Format Date and Time
  * Compare Dates

* * *

## **How to Format a Date**

### To convert date structure from one format to another.  
  
**Field:**

Select any date field. You can select a Specific Date, or Current Date, from Contact's date fields or date type custom fields, Appointment start/end date, Custom values, or even Inbound Webhook Trigger.  

### 

**From Format:**

Selecting system fields like Specific Date, Current Date, from Contact's date type standard fields, Contact's date type custom fields, or Appointment start or end date will auto-detect the format and preselect the same. If it is a Custom Value or from an Inbound Webhook trigger, you will have to select the exact matching format.

#### 

####   

### **To Format:**

#### Select the required format from the list

###   
**Output**

#### After setting up the Format Date, you can use the results in further actions in your Workflow {{datetime_formatter.1.date}}

####   
_Custom Values_

### 

* * *

## **Format Date and Time**

To convert date and time structure from one format to another

###   
**Field:**

Select any date-time field; you can select a Specific Date and Time, Current Date and Time, Appointment start or end date time, Custom values, or even from Inbound Webhook Trigger.

**Please note:**

    Currently, Contact Custom fields do not support the Date Time structure.

###   
**From Format:**

Selecting any system fields like Specific Date and Time, Current Date and Time, Contact fields, or Appointment start or end date time will auto-detect the format and preselect the same. If it is a Custom Value or from an Inbound Webhook trigger, you will have to select the exact matching format.

####   

####   

###   
**To Format:**

Select the required format from the list

### **Output**

After setting up the Format Date and Time, you can use the results in further actions in your Workflow.

{{datetime_formatter.1.datetime}}

Custom Values

##   

* * *

## **Compare Dates**

Compare two dates and get the difference in the number of days

###   
**Start Date:**

Select any date field. You can select a Specific Date, or Current Date, from Contact's date fields or date type custom fields, Appointment start/end date, Custom values, or even from Inbound Webhook Trigger.

####   

### **Start Date Format:**

Selecting system fields like Specific Date, Current Date, from Contact's date type standard fields, Contact's date type custom fields, or Appointment start or end date will auto-detect the format and preselect the same. If it is a Custom Value or from an Inbound Webhook trigger, you will have to select the exact matching format.  

### **End Date:**

Select any date field. You can select a Specific Date or Current Date from Contact's date fields or date type custom fields, Appointment start/end date, Custom values, or even an Inbound Webhook Trigger.

#### **End Date Format:**

Selecting system fields like Specific Date, Current Date, from Contact's date type standard fields, Contact's date type custom fields, or Appointment start or end date will auto-detect the format and preselect the same. If it is a Custom Value or from an Inbound Webhook trigger, you will have to select the exact matching format.

####   

### **Output**

After setting up the Compare Dates, you can use the results in further actions in your Workflow. {{datetime_formatter.1.days}}

The difference is calculated as End Date - Start Date, so you will get a negative value if the Start Date is greater than the End Date.

Custom Values

* * *

## **Usage**

  * Format the Inbound Webhook Trigger data to Set Event Start Date, to update Contact Custom Fields, to compare in If/Else Condition.
  * Let's say the date format is MM/DD/YYYY, but you need to send it to an app that formats dates as DD/MM/YYYY. You can use the Date/Time Formater to change the date format and send it via Custom Webhook.
  * Store the custom formatted date time info in Google Sheets
  * Use the custom formatted date time info in Email/SMS/Slack
  * Compare the Current date(Start Date) with the Invoice Due date(End Date) and use the dynamic value in Email/SMS/Slack,  
Eg: Your Invoice is due in {{datetime_formatter.1.days}} days,  
  
**Please Note:**

    On overdue, that is when Current Date(Start Date) is greater than the Invoice Due Date(End Date) you will get the result in a negative value

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use the Date/Time Formatter Workflow Action?](/support/solutions/articles/48001238249-how-to-use-the-date-time-formatter-workflow-action-)
  * [Workflow Action - Dare/Time Formatter](/support/solutions/articles/155000003354-workflow-action-dare-time-formatter)
  * [How to use the Number Formatter Action?](/support/solutions/articles/48001238736-how-to-use-the-number-formatter-action-)
  * [How to enable and rebill LC Premium Triggers & Actions for Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001231559-how-to-enable-and-rebill-lc-premium-triggers-actions-for-workflows)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
