Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  6. How do I find my Agency's Relationship Number?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How do I find my Agency's Relationship Number?

Modified on: Mon, 14 Oct, 2024 at 6:14 AM

When you interact with our support, services, customer success or product teams they will request your Agency's Relationship Number. This allows us to distinctly identify your agency account so we can serve you better.

Your relationship number is a 7 digit number that looks like X-XXX-XXX

     _Note_ : All agency accounts will have different Relationship Numbers

**Here is the step by step process to find your agency's Relationship Number:**

Click the sub-account switcher at the top left corner of the side navigation bar

Click "Switch to Agency View" tab. 

Find "Settings" button at the bottom left corner of the side navigation bar.

Once you are inside settings menu, select "Company" option. There you can see the Relationship number in the "Company Data" field. The number can be copied using the box icon next to the relationship number.

**Method 2 :  
**

Alternatively, agency admins can also find it by clicking blue question mark in the top right corner of your screen.

* * *

    _Note_ : Only **Agency Admins** and **Agency Owners** have permission to view the relationship number.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know](/support/solutions/articles/48000982604-an-inside-look-at-agency-company-settings-what-you-need-to-know)
  * [How to Configure Brand System-Generated Links (API Domain)](/support/solutions/articles/48001143244-how-to-configure-brand-system-generated-links-api-domain-)
  * [How To Upgrade To The HighLevel Pro Plan](/support/solutions/articles/48001180534-how-to-upgrade-to-the-highlevel-pro-plan)
  * [How to Delete a Sub-Account/Locations](/support/solutions/articles/48001184862-how-to-delete-a-sub-account-locations)

## You may like to read -

  * [How do I analyze my Agency's Spending on LC Communications?](/support/solutions/articles/48001225291-how-do-i-analyze-my-agency-s-spending-on-lc-communications-)
  * [How do I change my Agency's address?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204291-how-do-i-change-my-agency-s-address-)
  * [WhatsApp FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002698-whatsapp-faqs)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
