Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
  4. [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
     * [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  6. Chat Widget Attribution

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Chat Widget Attribution

Modified on: Wed, 17 Feb, 2021 at 9:20 AM

## Viewing The Traffic Source For Web Chat Conversations

### 1\. View Chat Widget Source On Contact Detail Page

When a contact initiates a conversation via a Live Chat widget, you will see that event displayed in the Activity Tab on the Contact Detail page in Contacts.

Clicking the clipboard icon will open up the form submission (aka the initial message they entered into the Chat Widget) where you can view more information including the source (Organic Search, Direct Traffic, etc.).

### 2\. View Chat Widget Source In Form Submissions

You can also view the traffic source for conversations initiated via the Live Chat widget by going to Marketing > Form Builder > Submissions Tab and then selecting "Widget Form" from the Chat Widget section of the Form Selector drop down.

## Notes:

  * Yes, attribution will work for Live Chat Widgets that you've added to non-HighLevel websites, including sites you use the LeadConnector Wordpress Widget on.
  * Attribution may not work for some iOS users or any users who have privacy mode turned on as it blocks the cookie.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Understanding Attribution Source (Ad Reporting)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219997-understanding-attribution-source-ad-reporting-)
  * [Understanding Google Ad Reporting Terminology](/support/solutions/articles/48001219241-understanding-google-ad-reporting-terminology)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001219312-how-to-set-up-google-ad-reporting)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Precautionary Tracking Script](/support/solutions/articles/48001219356-how-to-set-up-google-ad-precautionary-tracking-script)

## You may like to read -

  * [Use Google Analytics (GA4) to Track Website and Chat Widget Activity](/support/solutions/articles/155000002178-use-google-analytics-ga4-to-track-website-and-chat-widget-activity)
  * [Live Chat](/support/solutions/articles/155000001320-live-chat)
  * [How to Add Multiple Chat Widgets to the Same Website](/support/solutions/articles/155000003194-how-to-add-multiple-chat-widgets-to-the-same-website)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Conversion Actions](/support/solutions/articles/48001220947-how-to-set-up-google-ad-conversion-actions)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
