Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/folders/48000689533)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/folders/48000689533)
  6. Setting alias for Google smtp

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Setting alias for Google smtp

Modified on: Thu, 9 Feb, 2023 at 1:26 PM


0:01 In this video, I'm gonna walk you through how to set up alias for your Gmail. So once you integrate your Gmail account within high level, when you're trying to send email, whether or not in automation or manual con conversation here, this is gonna be your user login email, and you're gonna have to change
0:22 it every time to match up with your default provider here. So because you integrate this Gmail as the default provider, this is gonna have to be the sender email because that's the limitation for each SMTP provider is that you will not be able to send from an address that's not verified
0:42 , or if that's not like added as an alias. So one way what we can do is to add alias, right?
0:50 So I'm gonna walk you through how to do that. So once you're in your Gmail account, make sure it matches with the email that you integrate with.
1:02 Go to settings on the top right and then click on see all settings. Go to the accounts and import tab, and this is where you can add another email address 
1:24 That you own or what you can do here. Let's just save if my email is Kate go high level.com, then I can add my colleagues' email.
1:33 For example, David go high level.com here. So let's just save, your colleague is trying to send an email fromDavid@gohighlevel.com, but the, the account that you integrate with is Kate go high level.com.
1:45 So what you can do is to add your colleagues' email here and then get your colleagues' email to verify. So you can send from your Kate go high level.com as the Gmail provider.
1:58 And then your users with David go high level.com is the user email, which it will show up in the conversation here.
2:06 Then he'll be able to send from his email because you're, you're adding his email as the verified sender. So it's like an alias.
2:16 So here I'm just gonna do another Gmail that I have and we are gonna do next step send verification. And here you will get a verification email.
2:29 It looks like this, and then you can copy the code and then paste it here, click verify. And there you go.
2:39 Now you can send from this email address that's different from the one that you integrate with, 
2:50 And this is what it's gonna look like, the sender email. It's gonna be from the one that you just added, which is gonna be different from the one that you integrate with high level.

Learn more on [Masking Sender Emails - From Name & Address](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000979925)

Learn more about [Why Can't I use My Free Email Address As The SMTP?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001063376)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Setting Up SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/articles/48001059689-setting-up-smtp-providers)
  * [Using Google/Gmail/Google Workspace as your SMTP Provider](/support/solutions/articles/48001148427-using-google-gmail-google-workspace-as-your-smtp-provider)
  * [Setting alias for Google smtp](/support/solutions/articles/48001184605-setting-alias-for-google-smtp)
  * [Using SendGrid As The SMTP Provider](/support/solutions/articles/48001166110-using-sendgrid-as-the-smtp-provider)

## You may like to read -

  * [Limitation of using SMTP when emails are not sending](/support/solutions/articles/48001203144-limitation-of-using-smtp-when-emails-are-not-sending)
  * [Setting Up SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/articles/48001059689-setting-up-smtp-providers)
  * [How to send a test email in the Conversation](/support/solutions/articles/48001208887-how-to-send-a-test-email-in-the-conversation)
  * [Email Error Library for supported SMTPs](/support/solutions/articles/48001209322-email-error-library-for-supported-smtps)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
