Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/48000450445)
  4. [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/folders/48000668553)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/48000450445)
     * [Developer Resources](/support/solutions/folders/48000668553)
  6. How to update your API keys

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to update your API keys

Modified on: Thu, 21 Mar, 2024 at 3:57 AM

API key missing for your location? Please try updating your keys by following the article below:

### **Covered in this Article:**

###   

### **Updating your API Keys**

### **Troubleshooting**

### How do I know if my API Key is old?

### What will happen if my API key is compromised?

### What do I do if my API key is pasting as Undefined?

* * *

## **Updates on 13th March**

  1. Going forward, API keys will not be auto-generated on creating a new Sub-Account. Agency/Sub-Account Admins can still create them manually via the sub-account settings page.

## **Updating your API Keys**

1\. Log into your app  

2\. Click on the Settings tab  

3\. Click into "business info" tab then locate API Key.

As you can see the API key in the image below is from the old system and will need to be updated to the new API. 

**Please Note:**

    New API keys will have 250+ characters, older API keys will have around 50 character

****

4\. Click on Regenerate Key icon to get the new key.  

****

5\. Type**"Confirm"**

Once you have clicked on the regenerate button (blue) you will be prompted with a pop up. Please read carefully, then proceed.

**Please note**

    Anywhere you have been using the old API key will not work once you have regenerated your NEW API key.  
        
    Please update your integrations with your new API keys

****

##   

6\. Click on Yes, Reset  

****

7\. Refresh the page

A new API key will appear. Please make sure to update the integrations still using the OLD API keys to ensure no service disruption  

****

## **Troubleshooting**

###   

### **How do I know if my API Key is old?**

Old API keys have around 50 characters. _New API keys_ will have 250+ characters.

### **What will happen if my API key is compromised?**

Please keep your API key safe at all times. Who ever gets access to your API key will be allowed to manipulate and edit, alter or change anything within the system or perhaps software that is indirectly related. If your API Key has been compromised please reset it within in company settings or consult your account manager immediately.

### **What do I do if my API key is pasting as Undefined?**

New subaccounts do not generate API keys automatically and will paste as Undefined. Certain features within the platform will automatically generate an API key for a subaccount, but the majority of the time you will need to click the re-generate arrows and type 'CONFIRM' in the following box in order to generate your first Location API key if one is not visibly present, or when copying if you receive an 'undefined' error. 

You can confirm if your location has an API key or not by switching to the Agency Level > Settings > API Keys > Locating the Subaccount on this screen. 

**Please Note:**

     API Keys can take up to 5 hours to generate for an account. Under normal circumstances you only need to click the regenerate arrows once. If you do not immediately receive an API Key, wait 5 hours and attempt to copy it again. If it has still not generated, click the arrows once more and if this is still unsuccessful contact support.

#   

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [HighLevel API](/support/solutions/articles/48001060529-highlevel-api)
  * [How to update your API keys](/support/solutions/articles/48001205369-how-to-update-your-api-keys)
  * [How to Use Webhook.site to Troubleshoot your API Requests](/support/solutions/articles/48001212085-how-to-use-webhook-site-to-troubleshoot-your-api-requests)
  * [How to get started with the Developer's Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000000136-how-to-get-started-with-the-developer-s-marketplace)

## You may like to read -

  * [HighLevel API](/support/solutions/articles/48001060529-highlevel-api)
  * [Using SendGrid As The SMTP Provider](/support/solutions/articles/48001166110-using-sendgrid-as-the-smtp-provider)
  * [Mailgun API Key - Where to Find in Mailgun & Put in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48000981682-mailgun-api-key-where-to-find-in-mailgun-put-in-highlevel)
  * [Actions - Custom webhook](/support/solutions/articles/155000003305-actions-custom-webhook)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
