Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Priority Support Upgrade](/support/solutions/48000455362)
  4. [Priority Support Upgrade](/support/solutions/folders/48000686464)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Priority Support Upgrade](/support/solutions/48000455362)
     * [Priority Support Upgrade](/support/solutions/folders/48000686464)
  6. Priority Support Upgrade Overview

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Priority Support Upgrade Overview

Modified on: Fri, 25 Oct, 2024 at 3:13 PM

Welcome to the comprehensive guide on our Priority Support Upgrade. Explore its many features, learn how to utilize it effectively, and understand the significant benefits it offers to speed up and enhance your support experience. Let's dive into the specifics to maximize your agency's growth potential!

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How Do I Use Priority Support?
  * Why Upgrade to Priority Support? What Are the Benefits?
  * How Do I Upgrade to Priority Support?
  * FAQ

* * *

## **How Do I Use Priority Support?**

After upgrading to Priority Support, you can access our 24/7 chat and Zoom service.

To utilize the LIVE Priority Chat, click on the blue icon at the Agency View's top right corner. After that, choose "Priority Live Chat" from the options listed under the agency.

To use your LIVE Priority Chat, click on the blue icon in the top right of Agency View.

Next, select "Priority Live Chat" from the agency options below

* * *

## **Why Upgrade to Priority Support? What Are the Benefits?**

When you upgrade to Priority Support, regardless of severity, you will enjoy:

  * Live Chat and Zoom Directly with Senior Support
  * Faster 24/7 Chat Support
  * Faster 24/7 Ticket Support
  * Faster Ticket Escalation & Response Times

This is done by automatic prioritization of all tickets and chats created by your agency. This means you will benefit by:

  1. Skipping to the front of the line, and speaking directly with Senior Specialists, skipping the front line!
  2. Receiving faster responses to tickets
  3. Reducing your average support ticket resolution time
  4. Grow your business faster by submitting and resolving Support requests 24/7!

If you want to go faster, then it's time to upgrade to Priority Support today!

* * *

## **How Do I Upgrade to Priority Support?**

From within your Agency View > Click on the Blue Question Mark > then select "Priority Support." 

Select either the monthly plan or get two months free (a $600 value) when you choose the annual plan!

* * *

## [](https://www.gohighlevel.com/priority-support-cancel-request)**FAQ**

**How do I request to cancel my Priority Support Upgrade? How do I downgrade to Standard Support?**

After you have filled out the [Priority Support Cancelation Request](https://www.gohighlevel.com/priority-support-cancel-request), we will respond to your request within 24 to 48 hours or less.

### **What if I am the owner of more than one Agency Account? Does a Priority Support Upgrade purchase enable it for all my HighLevel Agency Accounts?**

Priority Support Upgrade is valid for only one Agency account per active subscription. The one you sign up with is the only one you will use to receive the Priority Support benefit. You must purchase Priority Support for the specific agency you wish to enable Priority Support with .*Priority Support Upgrade does not work for sub-account or sub-location owners. As an Agency Owner, Agency Admin, or Agency User, you can receive Support related to anything in your Agency. Non-Agency Users cannot receive HighLevel Support. This is for the security, privacy, and protection of our clients and their Agency information. This means users with user permissions of Location Users and Location Admins cannot utilize or see the Priority Support Upgrade Widget. Only Agency Admins and Agency Users are provided any form of HighLevel Support upon verification. We support your Agency Users and Admins. We do not support Location Users. However, an Agency Admin or Agency User can receive Support for any sub-location or sub-account.__

### **Do I get a dedicated Support Rep or Point of Contact I can schedule 1-on-1 calls with or email directly?**

No. This service no longer offers a dedicated Priority Support Representative. You cannot book 1-on-1 strategy calls with Support or Success through this service. However, you will enjoy faster phone, chat, and ticket support - saving you time and money while accelerating your inbound support ticket request needs. We're excited to serve you as we continue to LevelUp your business together!

* * *

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Priority Support Upgrade Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001219635-priority-support-upgrade-overview)

## You may like to read -

  * [24/7 Customer Support Options](/support/solutions/articles/155000000969-24-7-customer-support-options)
  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [Font Weight in Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/articles/155000002772-font-weight-in-funnels-and-websites)
  * [Affiliate Split Commissions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000002420-affiliate-split-commissions-overview)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
