Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [A2P registration](/support/solutions/folders/155000000021)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [A2P registration](/support/solutions/folders/155000000021)
  6. Unregistered 10DLC Message Fees Will Increase; Register N...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Unregistered 10DLC Message Fees Will Increase; Register Numbers by June 1, 2023 to Avoid Higher Unregistered Messaging Fees

Modified on: Sun, 4 Jun, 2023 at 11:57 PM

If you are sending text messages (SMS or MMS) to U.S. consumers from a 10-digit long code (10DLC) phone number and you haven't registered all your 10DLC phone numbers for A2P 10DLC here: [LC Phone System Trust Center](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001225526)

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What do you need to know? 
  * Upcoming carrier fee changes summary
  * Why is this happening?
  * What do you need to do?
  * What if you don’t take action?

# What do you need to know? 

To send messages in the US, you **must register all 10DLC phone numbers**. As a result, AT&T and T-Mobile are **increasing the per-message rate on unregistered traffic to motivate unregistered senders to register**. If these numbers remain unregistered, they may be subject to **additional filtering or blocking**. 

Some **carrier fees will be increased** on June 1, 2023, and others will be increased on August 1, 2023.

Most customers are observing significant savings and better deliverability by registering their 10DLC numbers.

# Upcoming carrier fee changes summary

Effective Date for Increase| Carrier| Outbound Message Type| Unregistered per-message fee  
---|---|---|---  
June 1, 2023| AT&T| SMS| $0.01  
June 1, 2023| AT&T| MMS| $0.015  
June 1, 2023| T-Mobile| SMS| $0.005  
June 1, 2023| T-Mobile| MMS| $0.014  
August 1, 2023| T-Mobile| SMS| $0.006  
August 1, 2023| T-Mobile| MMS| $0.015  

Please refer to **this article** to see a list of all fees as applicable today.

# Why is this happening?

These changes align with the broader industry goals to create a fully registered and verified business messaging ecosystem in the U.S. to protect consumers from SPAM, bad actors, and unwanted messaging. 

# What do you need to do?

If you have unregistered traffic, register for A2P 10DLC via [LC Phone System Trust Center](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001225526) before June 1, 2023 to avoid the higher fees and service disruptions. If you’re unsure if you have unregistered traffic, review our help article, how do I check that I have completed U.S. A2P 10DLC registration?. 

For more guidance on the various A2P 10DLC registration steps and requirements, review our documentation on the [A2P 10DLC Campaign Approval Best Practices](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001229784)

As an alternative to A2P 10DLC, you may also consider using Toll-Free phone numbers and complete [Toll-Free Number Registration for LC - Phone (US/Canada)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222300) for your use cases; some customers have found Toll-Free number verifications to be simpler and more cost-effective.

# What if you don’t take action?

Messages from unregistered numbers will be subject to the increased per-message carrier fees on AT&T and T-Mobile, and is also subject to additional filtering.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [US Phone Number Registrations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002380-us-phone-number-registrations)
  * [[A2P Registration] Opt-In Form - Terms and Conditions Guidelines](/support/solutions/articles/155000001426--a2p-registration-opt-in-form-terms-and-conditions-guidelines)
  * [A2P 10DLC Brand Approval Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000000508-a2p-10dlc-brand-approval-best-practices)
  * [A2P Sole Proprietor Brands Registration](/support/solutions/articles/155000000340-a2p-sole-proprietor-brands-registration)

## You may like to read -

  * [Pricing and Fees for the A2P 10DLC Service](/support/solutions/articles/155000000234-pricing-and-fees-for-the-a2p-10dlc-service)
  * [Important Notice: Verify Your Sole Proprietor Brands OTP](/support/solutions/articles/155000000007-important-notice-verify-your-sole-proprietor-brands-otp)
  * [LC Phone System Trust Center](/support/solutions/articles/48001225526-lc-phone-system-trust-center)
  * [List of campaign use case types for A2P 10DLC registration](/support/solutions/articles/155000000235-list-of-campaign-use-case-types-for-a2p-10dlc-registration)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
