Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Class Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000700)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Class Booking Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000700)
  6. Class Booking Calendar Overview

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Class Booking Calendar Overview

Modified on: Fri, 20 Sep, 2024 at 2:00 PM

Class Calendars are designed to manage one-to-many events where multiple invitees can attend a single booking. These calendars are ideal for webinars, workshops, training sessions, and sports events. In a Class Calendar, there can only be one appointment owner, typically the trainer or host. The number of spots per slot can be set, with a maximum limit of 9,999 attendees, though meeting location limitations do apply.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What is a Class Booking?
  * Why use Class Booking Calendars?
  * Frequently Asked Questions

* * *

## **What is a Class Booking?  
**

A class booking is a one-to-many type calendar to host multiple invitees in a single booking. Class bookings are helpful when you want various invitees to attend a single event at once; some examples, but not limited to:

  1. Webinars/Workshops
  2. Training Sessions
  3. Sports Events

## **Why use Class Booking Calendars?**

Using Class Calendars offers several benefits for managing events with multiple attendees, such as:

  * **Efficient organization:** Class Calendars simplify organizing and managing one-to-many events by allowing you to create a single booking that accommodates multiple invitees, streamlining the scheduling process.  

  * **Customizable capacity:** You can set the number of spots per slot to control the class size and ensure an optimal learning or participation environment.  

  * **Centralized management:  **Class Calendars provide a centralized platform to manage bookings, cancellations, and rescheduling, making it easier for the appointment owner to oversee all aspects of the event.  

  * **Enhanced communication:** Class Calendars facilitate better communication with attendees by providing a clear overview of event details, such as date, time, and location. This helps reduce confusion and the likelihood of no-shows.  

  * **Time-saving:** By automating the booking process and providing options for attendees to cancel or reschedule their appointments, Class Calendars save time for both the organizer and the attendees.

* * *

## **Frequently Asked Questions**

### **Q: How can I cancel or reschedule a class appointment?**

Answer: To cancel or reschedule the class booking, you can go to calendars, click on the class booking you want to modify, and you would be able to see the option to edit/change the appointment.,

### **Q:  ****Can I cancel or reschedule a class appointment for a single attendee?**

Answer: Yes, for class appointments, you can click the options menu next to the contact, where you can see the option to cancel or reschedule the appointment for specific contacts.,

### **Q:  ****Can I book a class appointment with contacts directly?**

Answer: Yes, you can do that; click on the "book appointment" button and select the contact you want to book the appointment with. Then select the calendar (choose the class booking calendar here), select the slot, and then proceed to book the appointment. to select

### **Q:  ****Can attendees cancel/reschedule a Class Booking appointment?**

Answer: To allow attendees to cancel/reschedule the class booking appointment, enable the option for "Allow Cancellation" and "Allow Reschedule" in the Confirmation Tab in Calendar Settings. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Class Booking Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001236022-class-booking-calendar-overview)

## You may like to read -

  * ['Look Busy' in Calendar Settings](/support/solutions/articles/155000003068--look-busy-in-calendar-settings)
  * [Collective Bookings Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000000578-collective-bookings-calendar-overview)
  * [Show seats per slot for Class booking on the booking widget](/support/solutions/articles/155000000956-show-seats-per-slot-for-class-booking-on-the-booking-widget)
  * [Recurring Appointments](/support/solutions/articles/155000003450-recurring-appointments)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
