Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
  4. [Google Business Profile (GBP) integration](/support/solutions/folders/48000687213)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
     * [Google Business Profile (GBP) integration](/support/solutions/folders/48000687213)
  6. How to Integrate Your Google Business Profile (formerly G...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Integrate Your Google Business Profile (formerly GMB) into the CRM

Modified on: Mon, 11 Dec, 2023 at 9:25 AM

In this article, we will cover the Google Business Profile (formerly Google My Business or GMB) integration and why every business should 

**Why every business needs a Google My Business Account?**

Google My Business is a free service that allows you to manage your online presence on the web. It’s an easy way for people to find out more about your business, and it helps them get directions or make reservations at your place of business. 

**[Get started here](https://support.google.com/business/answer/7353903?hl=en)**

**What can I do with Google My Business?**

You can add a description, photos, and videos to your listing. You can also create an interactive map showing your business's location on a map. This is great for local businesses because it allows people to find you easily.  

**How much does it cost to get started?**

It’s free! There are no fees or charges associated with getting started.

* * *

## **How to set up Google My Business**

### 1\. You have a GMB page connected in **S****ettings > Integrations**:  

**Please Note:**

    You will need to make sure that a Google Account that has _admin access_ to your GMB profile is integrated into your Sub-Account so that you can then integrate the GMB Page.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Integrate Your Google Business Profile (formerly GMB) into the CRM](/support/solutions/articles/48001222899-how-to-integrate-your-google-business-profile-formerly-gmb-into-the-crm)
  * [Google Business Profile - Chat sunset starting Jul 15, 2024](/support/solutions/articles/155000002560-google-business-profile-chat-sunset-starting-jul-15-2024)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Google Organic Booking](/support/solutions/articles/155000001427-google-organic-booking)
  * [Workflow Action - GMB](/support/solutions/articles/155000003290-workflow-action-gmb)
  * [Google My Business Publishing Troubleshooting](/support/solutions/articles/48001210696-google-my-business-publishing-troubleshooting)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
