Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [Troubleshooting Email](/support/solutions/folders/48000665894)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [Troubleshooting Email](/support/solutions/folders/48000665894)
  6. Troubleshooting Warning: Please contact your agency to ch...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Troubleshooting Warning: Please contact your agency to change email settings

Modified on: Thu, 9 Feb, 2023 at 2:21 PM

If you are trying to add an SMTP provider and this error message shows up, please check if the location has email reselling settings is enabled in the agency SaaS configurator page.

# How to disable Email Rebilling?

1\. Go to [](https://app.gohighlevel.com/accounts/)<https://app.gohighlevel.com/sub-accounts/>

2\. Once you are in the agency view, click on Sub-Accounts > Search by sub-account

3\. Once you locate the sub-account

Click on the sub-account Name **OR** click on the three dots at the bottom right to **Manage Client**

4\. Scroll down all the way to the bottom to find **Email Resell Settings** and toggle the highlighted button here to disable Email rebilling.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Error Library for supported SMTPs](/support/solutions/articles/48001209322-email-error-library-for-supported-smtps)
  * [How to check logs for a specific email in Mailgun](/support/solutions/articles/48001188059-how-to-check-logs-for-a-specific-email-in-mailgun)
  * [How to fix links in the email that do not open?](/support/solutions/articles/48001151622-how-to-fix-links-in-the-email-that-do-not-open-)
  * [When email replies are not showing up in Conversation](/support/solutions/articles/48001185819-when-email-replies-are-not-showing-up-in-conversation)

## You may like to read -

  * [Glossary](/support/solutions/articles/48001231169-glossary)
  * [Troubleshooting Login issues](/support/solutions/articles/48001207047-troubleshooting-login-issues)
  * [Cold Email Inbound Setup Mailgun](/support/solutions/articles/48001185801-cold-email-inbound-setup-mailgun)
  * [Facebook Troubleshooting - Integration Issues](/support/solutions/articles/48000981698-facebook-troubleshooting-integration-issues)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
