Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  6. Incoming or inbound SMS message showing as calls / not sh...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Incoming or inbound SMS message showing as calls / not showing at all

Modified on: Fri, 24 Feb, 2023 at 1:08 PM

[Try to reset Twilio number if you are NOT on Leadconnector phone system:](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000981428-deleting-resetting-a-twilio-number)

If resetting the Twilio number is not working, When inbound SMS is not coming into HighLevel:

1\. Login to <https://www.twilio.com/login> [](https://www.twilio.com/login)  
  
2\. Go to the top right -> Click **Account** -> Click **Sub****accounts**  

If there are too many subaccounts inside Twilio, you can go back to the agency view in the platform and copy the Account SIN for that location to search in Twilio:

If you are on LC phone, please [contact support](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204857) [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204857)

Now go back to Twilio with the copied Account SID

Search based on the Twilio Subaccount SID in HighLevel agency settings -> Twilio  
Paste the Account SID here and click on it:

Check if the Twilio number is MMS capable:

Click on **Phone numbers:**

Check if it is configured as:

If not, please click the phone number and scroll down to replace the webhook:

Click save and

Now you can test again to see if incoming SMS will show up in HighLevel.

If you have some messaging service that's connected to the Twilio number, click into the messaging service here:

Note for LC phone that might be the case once signing up for a2p messaging service, don't follow the steps here.

Click **Sender Pool** on the left

Remove all the Twilio numbers here

If NOT:

Verify if the Twilio number has an icon † next to it

†Can send/receive SMS to domestic numbers only

Left panel, Click **Monitor** -> **Messaging**  
  
Put the lead's phone number (remove all phone format) in the TO field:  

Click the Date on the left for further details:  
  
If it says delivered but the contact is not receiving it, grab this Message SID and open a ticket with Twilio support  

If you hover over the records, it will preview the content of the message. What does the status say?

##   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [SMS Contains Pieces of Code](/support/solutions/articles/48000979914-sms-contains-pieces-of-code)
  * [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152123-sms-still-coming-from-old-twilio-number-when-i-got-a-new-one-)
  * [Incoming SMS only shows up in Conversation / not forwarding to the forwarding number](/support/solutions/articles/48001156789-incoming-sms-only-shows-up-in-conversation-not-forwarding-to-the-forwarding-number)

## You may like to read -

  * [Inbound Call Routing - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48000981432-inbound-call-routing-explained)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)
  * [LC Phone Pricing Structure](/support/solutions/articles/48001223556-lc-phone-pricing-structure)
  * [Setting up webhooks to receive incoming calls, messages and status updates for calls (for Twilio users)](/support/solutions/articles/155000002824-setting-up-webhooks-to-receive-incoming-calls-messages-and-status-updates-for-calls-for-twilio-user)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
