Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?

Modified on: Fri, 16 Sep, 2022 at 7:06 AM

# Introduction

Schedule Email Campaign with Batch Delivery (Drip Mode) is a feature that allows you to send the email campaign in timed batches rather than to your whole audience at once. This helps control traffic to your websites or funnels and prevents potential tension on your server.

In Email Marketing, when you create a batch schedule email, there will be the option to select the template, design the content, and choose the settings of adding receipt and delivery method as a batch schedule where you can select the batch quantity, and days and time.  

#### 

#### **Covered in this article:**

**Before you start**

#### **Create an email**

#### **Pre-sending Checklist. **

#### **  
**

#### **FAQ**

  * #### I would like to edit the copy of the Batch Campaign, is it possible? I don't want the statistics to get affected.

  * #### How can I reschedule an RSS email campaign?  

  * #### What are the rate limits for sending in the system?      

    * #### Add in drip mode:

    * #### Add all at once & Add all at a scheduled time:

#### 

#### 

* * *

# Before you start

**Here are some things to know before you begin this process.**

  * To send an email, make sure that you've [created an email template to send the campaign](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001171463)
  * To send an email, make sure that you have verified the domain to send the email. 

#   
Create an email

To create a batch email, follow these steps.  
  
**1\. Click the Create Campaign**

###   
  
**2\. The Next Step is to select the Email Template which you would like to create a Marketing Email Campaign.**

There is a preview option to check the template.

###   
**3\. Now it will take to the builder, where you'll design your content and place the necessary elements for campaigns.  **

Whether you're an expert or a novice in email marketing, Email Builder gives you tools to design beautiful campaigns.

###   
4\. Email builder is designed to let you work on the different parts of your email in the order you choose, and review everything at once before you send it.

You need to click on **Send** or **Schedule**.

* * *

# **Pre-sending Checklist.  **

There are a few things left to do before sending the "Batch Schedule" email campaign.

**Step 1:** Add your recipients in the **To** section by choosing email(s) or smartlist(s).

**Step 2:**  Add your email address in the **From** section. 

**Step 3:**  Add your name in the **Name** section (Optional)

**Step 4:**  Add your subject line in the **Subject** section.

**Step 5:**  Add your Preview text in the **Preview** section. (Optional)

### In the "**Sending Options** " located on the left of the image above, select "**Batch Schedule** " (red square) and complete the steps below:

**Step 6:** Add your **Start date of the campaign**

**Step 7:** Add the **Batch Quantity**

**Step 8:** Add **Repeat after  **(Add number based on the frequency) and **frequency as days, hours, minutes, and seconds.**

**Step 9:** Uncheck the days from the week when you don't want to send the Batch delivery Email Campaign

**Step 10:** Add the **specific time for start and end**

**Please Note:**

    **-****Please check the details of the execution date, time, and time zone before scheduling!**  
      
     - There will be an option to delete or [reschedule ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001215389)the email campaign. If the user wants to reschedule the campaign, they can click reschedule and set the date-time of the campaign.    
      
    - The reschedule will be allowed before **one hour** of sending the email campaign. _For example if the schedule date is 11 AM EST, it will allow us to reschedule till 10 AM EST._

* * *

# **FAQ**

### **  I would like to edit the copy of the Batch Campaign, is it possible? I don't want the statistics to get affected.**

Yes, you can edit the copy of the Ongoing Batch Schedule Campaign by clicking Update Email Content. Once you edit the copy before the execution date, please click save edits. Note: It is not necessary for the copy will get updated but we try to update before the execution queue initiate in the server.

### **How can I reschedule an RSS email campaign?**

Rescheduling of Email Campaign is possible for**  Simple Schedule**, Batch Schedule, and **RSS Schedule before one hour** (60mins) ahead of the execution date. 

The user will be required to visit the _Marketing_ > _Email_. Please visit the Email Campaign tab, it will have a list of Email Campaigns listed with Simple Schedule, RSS Schedule and Batch Schedule which can be rescheduled before one hour of execution date/time.

In the action button, there will be the option of Reschedule Campaign. The user can make the changes to the details of the Schedule and change the delivery model. Once the changes are done, the user is required to mark it as the rescheduled campaign to save the settings.

###   

### **What are the rate limits for sending in the system?  
****    Add in d**** _rip mode:_**

  * Frequencies of 30 sec - 1 min: 1,000 messages per minute
  * Frequencies of 5 min: 4,999 messages per minute 
  * Frequencies of 6 min - 10min: 5,000 messages per minute
  * Frequencies of Above 10 min: 10,000 messages per minute

###    _**  Add all at once**_** ****& _Add all at a scheduled time_ :**

  * Less than 10k - we process - 15k contacts per hour
  * More than 10k but less than 50k - we process - 6k contacts per hour
  * More than 50k but less than 70k - we process - 3k contacts per hour
  * More than 70k - we process - 1.5k contacts per hour

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Reschedule an Email Campaign (Email Builder)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215389-how-to-reschedule-an-email-campaign-email-builder-)
  * [How to change the Content of An Ongoing Email Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/48001215387-how-to-change-the-content-of-an-ongoing-email-campaign)
  * [How to Pause or Cancel a Scheduled Email?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003462-how-to-pause-or-cancel-a-scheduled-email-)
  * [How to set up A/B testing for your Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001230348-how-to-set-up-a-b-testing-for-your-email-campaigns)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
