Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  6. Porting your telephone number (non-Twilio number) to a lo...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Porting your telephone number (non-Twilio number) to a location

Modified on: Mon, 29 Jul, 2024 at 2:03 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Step 1: Locate your Location ID:
  * Step 2: Enter Customer Name (the name should appear exactly as it does on the telephone bill) 
  * Step 3: Enter Service Address on file with your current carrier (Please note, this must be a physical location and can not be a PO Box): 
  * Step 4: List all the Telephone Number(s) which you authorize to change from your current phone service provider to Twilio Inc. 
  * Step 5: Complete the Letter of Authorization
  * must be PDF files and cannot exceed 4MB
  * Step 6: Include a scanned (or electronic) copy of the most recent phone billing statement:must be PDF files and cannot exceed 4MB
  * Step 7: Submit your port request to Twilio:
  * Porting your Canadian telephone number (non-Twilio number) to a location
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Related Articles

After reviewing the above video, please prepare the following information below and fill out the form: **[Porting Form](https://link.gohighlevel.com/widget/form/qX47XEC8HsDtrGkmbjFQ)**

If you have questions, please [contact support](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001204857-ways-to-get-highlevel-support-24-)

# **Step 1: Locate your Location ID:**

_****_

# **Step 2: Enter Customer Name (the name should appear exactly as it does on the telephone bill)  **

First Name:

Last Name:

Business Name (if the service is in your company’s name):

# **Step 3: Enter Service Address on file with your current carrier (Please note, this must be a physical location and can not be a PO Box):  **

Address:

City:

State/Province:

Zip/Postal Code:

# **Step 4: List all the Telephone Number(s) which you authorize to change from your current phone service provider to Twilio Inc.  **

Number type| Phone number(s):| Wireless Account number:| Pin / Last 4 of SSN:| Service Provider  
---|---|---|---|---  
Wireless Numbers| **e.g.  **_**+17787787878**_| **e.g.  **_**_**12345678**_**_| **e.g.  **_**_**1234**_**_| **e.g.  ****_Verizon_**  
Landline & Toll-Free Phone Numbers| ** _e.g. +18881234568_**|   
|   
|   

|   
|   
|   
|   

# **Step 5: Complete the[Letter of Authorization](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RITNwdQukTgXIp9KOUbFexLr8GdlW3yy2g-nLvI_Aps/edit)**

  * # must be PDF files and cannot exceed 4MB

[](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223179408-How-can-I-obtain-a-CSR-)

**  
**

# **Step 6: Include a scanned (or electronic) copy of the most recent phone billing statement:  
must be PDF files and cannot exceed 4MB**

**  
**

# **Step 7: Submit your port request to Twilio:  
**

**  
**

****

* * *

# Porting your Canadian telephone number (non-Twilio number) to a location

**  
**

To port your Canadian phone number, the steps are the same as above. Depending on the losing carrier, this process typically takes between 4 - 6 weeks. While you’re waiting, be sure to check the phone numbers’ capabilities that will be available to you after porting.

We charge a one-time porting fee of $7.00 USD per number.

Once we provided you with the Account SID, please prepare the following information below and fill out the following Twilio form: [Porting Form](https://twlo.my.salesforce-sites.com/InternationalPorting)

  * The number(s) to be ported in E164 format; for example: [+][1][xxx][xxx][xxxx]
  * The [attached Twilio Canadian Letter Of Authorization](https://www.twilio.com/docs/phone-numbers/regulatory/letter-authorization-loa-template)within the last 15 days
  * Your most recent billing document
  * Your Customer Account Number (the one in your current carrier’s records).

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

**  
**

**My Twilio number took forever to port over, what's going on?**

Sometimes it might be that those Twilio numbers are already with another Twilio project. So we just need to move the Twilio number once the client provides the losing Account SID.

Please refer to this article to [Move Twilio Numbers From One Twilio Account To Another](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001177283)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001177283)**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001177283)**

****  

# **Related Articles**

  * **[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001240108?portalId=48000045315)**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001240108?portalId=48000045315)[Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001240108?portalId=48000045315)

**  
**

** **

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)
  * [How to Purchase a Phone Number in a Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48000981420-how-to-purchase-a-phone-number-in-a-sub-account)
  * [How to Purchase a Phone Number in a Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/155000003226-how-to-purchase-a-phone-number-in-a-sub-account)
  * [Call disconnected in mobile app only](/support/solutions/articles/48001172952-call-disconnected-in-mobile-app-only)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
