Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [User Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666473)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [User Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666473)
  6. User Permissions, Assigned Data, and Owners

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# User Permissions, Assigned Data, and Owners

Modified on: Fri, 7 Jun, 2024 at 3:31 PM

## **Note** : To get to these settings, you need to be either an Agency Admin or Account Admin for a particular Sub-account 

## **F****or those with Agency access** \- Agency View >> Settings >> Team

  1. Locate the team member you'd like to set user permissions of
  2. Click the Action button (Pencil icon) next to the user's name
  3. Choose **_Roles & Permissions_**
  4. Click on the corresponding checkboxes and sliders for the permissions you want to set for that user.
  5. Click **_Save_** after

## **F****or those with Account Admin access** \- Go to the Account >> Settings >> My Staff

  1. Locate the team member you'd like to set user permissions of
  2. Click the Action button (Pencil icon) next to the user's name
  3. Choose **_Roles & Permissions_**
  4. Click on the corresponding checkboxes and sliders for the permissions you want to set for that user.
  5. Click **_Save_** after

##   

## User Permissions

User permissions are a great way to limit your client's access to certain features/areas within HighLevel.

"Only Assigned Data" is a great way to limit salespeople from seeing each other's leads, opportunities, conversations

Limiting user access to only assigned data in the subaccount will constrain their activity and capabilities. 

This implies that users will exclusively view or have access to the information they own.

## Contacts 

Users will see only their assigned contacts and the corresponding conversations.

## Campaigns (read-only) 

Users can view the campaign and its content but won't have the ability to edit it.

## Calendar

Users will only observe their assigned calendar and appointed meetings.

## Pipeline/Opportunities 

Users will exclusively access their assigned opportunities in the pipeline.

**Note** : there is no option to assign tags, funnels, workflows, etc. 

Therefore, toggling the "only assigned data" feature will restrict user access to these functionalities.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [User Access](/support/solutions/articles/48000982600-user-access)
  * [User Permissions, Assigned Data, and Owners](/support/solutions/articles/48000982601-user-permissions-assigned-data-and-owners)
  * [Email Signatures](/support/solutions/articles/48000982598-email-signatures)
  * [Admin Vs. User Permissions](/support/solutions/articles/48001078296-admin-vs-user-permissions)

## You may like to read -

  * [Enhancing Communities to Give Owners More Options](/support/solutions/articles/155000003544-enhancing-communities-to-give-owners-more-options)
  * [How to manage developer user accounts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002458-how-to-manage-developer-user-accounts-)
  * [How to use "Only Assigned Data" setting with Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000003247-how-to-use-only-assigned-data-setting-with-dashboard)
  * [Sub-account | Managing User Roles & Permissions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002544-sub-account-managing-user-roles-permissions)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
