Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
  4. [Smart Lists](/support/solutions/folders/48000666017)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Contacts](/support/solutions/155000000123)
     * [Smart Lists](/support/solutions/folders/48000666017)
  6. DoNotDisturb (DND Split)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# DoNotDisturb (DND Split)

Modified on: Wed, 16 Nov, 2022 at 1:38 PM

**DND can now be set to individual channels (FB, SMS, Calls, Emails, GMB, WhatsApp) once they are integrated with the system.  **  

What's changed?

#### What integrations channels will this affect?

####   
**Emails  
**How does it work in the case of emails?

#### How to remove email DND for a Contact?

####   
**SMS  
**How does it work in the case of SMS?

#### How to remove SMS DND for a Contact?

#### Temporary -> Can be updated from within the contact record

## **What's changed?**

  * Contacts that had **DND switched ON** previously - The system will continue to respect their wishes
  * Contacts that did**  N****ot** have DND switched on previously, the system will continue as before 

**DND Statuses**

  * **DND ‘On’  **\- now means NO automated/ manual outbound messages are permitted to go out (previously, we let people send outbound messages manually and only restricted ‘Automated’ messages)
  * **DND ‘Off’** \- all automated/manual messages continue to work as usual
  * **DND ‘Partial’** \- Some Channels are unavailable for Outbound messaging (THIS IS NEW!)

* * *

## **What integrations channels will this affect?**

If the integrations _(FB, SMS, Calls, Emails, GMB, WhatsApp)_ exist and are functional, they’ll get enlisted as channels that HL Users can either enable or disable independently or all together at once.

**If the Integrations drop or are disconnected  ****please continue to  ****re-connect.** Once reconnected the previous state in which the contact DND was set to, would be respected - meaning if you DND’d a contact for FB Messenger, it’ll continue to DND that contact in FB Messenger.

* * *

## **How does it work in the case of emails?**

The system will **Auto-Enable** **DND** for contact if the criteria below is met:

  * **ISP email permanent failures such as** bounce, generic, suppress-complaint, suppress-unsubscribe, and suppress-bounce. ([Understanding Mailgun Suppressions](https://help.mailgun.com/hc/en-us/articles/360012287493-Understanding-Mailgun-Suppressions-Bounced-Complained-Unsubscribed-And-Whitelisted-))
  * **When a recipient unsubscribes** or marks the email as**  SPAM** (Mailgun complaint event).

**Please Note:**

    Location/agency users will then have the option to **disable** the DND from within the contacts record for all the above reasons, **except** when marked as**SPAM.**

## **How to remove _email_ DND for a Contact?**

When a user is marked as DND for any **bounce and or suppressions events,  **please head into Mailgun or your ISP provider and** ** remove the contacts email from the suppression list, then continue to validate the email before enabling the DND in the system.

* * *

## **How does it work in the case of SMS?**

**There are 2 ways in which the DND will be enabled:**

  1. If the customer replied with **Opt-Out keywords  **like **STOP, UNSTOP, UNSUBSCRIBE, or CANCEL  **
  2. If we get [30003](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008508774-Error-30003-Message-Delivery-Unreachable-destination-handset-when-Sending-SMS), [30004](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008705094-Error-30004-Message-Delivery-Message-blocked-when-Sending-SMS), [30005](https://www.twilio.com/docs/api/errors/30005), [30006](https://www.twilio.com/docs/api/errors/30006) any of these error codes from Twilio

**Response Code**| **Code Description**| **Remediation**  
---|---|---  
30005| User Inactive/Number does not exist| Enable Temporary DND  
30003| Out of Service/Carrier Filtering| Enable Temporary DND  
30004| Do not want SMS/DND enabled| Enable Permanent DND  
30006| Landline/Incapable to receive SMS| Enable Temporary DND  

**Two types of DND will be applied to a contact**

  1. **Temporary - > **If we get **30003,  ****30005  **and**  30006**
  2. **Permanent - >** If we get **30004** or receive **Opt-Out** keywords mentioned above 

## **How to remove _SMS_ DND for a Contact?**

  * **Temporary - >** Can be updated from within the contact record
  * **Permanent - > **_Cannot_ be updated from within the contact record, it can only be removed if the contact replies with **START** or the agency shares the contact's **Opt-in info** with support. Once approved, support will remove the contacts DND.

**Please Note:**

    When sharing your opt-in info please include the relationship number(s), contact, and a loom showing the contacts opt-in permission

* * *

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Adding Files To Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48001171922-adding-files-to-contacts)
  * [Allow duplicate contact explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001181714-allow-duplicate-contact-explained)
  * [Automatically Merge Facebook Messenger Contacts With Lead Ad Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48001146104-automatically-merge-facebook-messenger-contacts-with-lead-ad-contacts)
  * [Birthdays And How To Sort Contacts By Age](/support/solutions/articles/48001077108-birthdays-and-how-to-sort-contacts-by-age)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Resubscribe After Unsubscribing from an Email List](/support/solutions/articles/155000002948-how-to-resubscribe-after-unsubscribing-from-an-email-list)
  * [Step by Step guide to Creating Custom Unsubscribe Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001175857-step-by-step-guide-to-creating-custom-unsubscribe-links)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Contact DND](/support/solutions/articles/155000002673-workflow-trigger-contact-dnd)
  * [WhatsApp - WorkFlow Integration](/support/solutions/articles/155000001624-whatsapp-workflow-integration)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
