Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [User Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666473)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [User Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666473)
  6. User Access

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# User Access

Modified on: Sun, 31 Mar, 2024 at 1:59 PM

**1\. Agency Team Management:**

This section is used by the agency to grant its employees or a client employee access to all or select client accounts.

To access Agency Team Management follow these steps:

  1. Click "Settings" in the side navigation menu of the Agency View
  2. Click "Team"

Here you can add, edit detail, or delete users.

Adding or editing a user allows you to update:

  1. Personal logo
  2. First name
  3. Last name
  4. Email (login email)
  5. Phone
  6. Password (login password)
  7. [Permissions](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001078296-admin-vs-user-permissions) (see article)
  8. User Type
    1. Agency: Grants them access to all accounts under the agency
    2. Account: Select individual accounts you would like them to have access to
  9. Add Account
    1. If agency type is selected, the user will receive notifications pertaining to the accounts selected here
    2. If account type is selected, the user will only have access to accounts selected here

**2\. Team Management**

This section is used by the client to grant its employees access to their specific HighLevel account. Any employee created here will show up in Agency Team Management (1. above).

To access Team Management complete the following steps:

  1. Click "Settings" in the side navigation menu of the sub-account view
  2. Click "My Staff"

Here you or the client can add, delete, or edit details of an a user

Adding or editing an user allows you to update:

  1. Personal logo
  2. First name
  3. Last name
  4. Email (login email)
  5. Phone
  6. Password (login password)
  7. [Permissions](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001078296-admin-vs-user-permissions) (see article)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [User Access](/support/solutions/articles/48000982600-user-access)
  * [User Permissions, Assigned Data, and Owners](/support/solutions/articles/48000982601-user-permissions-assigned-data-and-owners)
  * [Email Signatures](/support/solutions/articles/48000982598-email-signatures)
  * [Admin Vs. User Permissions](/support/solutions/articles/48001078296-admin-vs-user-permissions)

## You may like to read -

  * [User Permissions, Assigned Data, and Owners](/support/solutions/articles/48000982601-user-permissions-assigned-data-and-owners)
  * [Agency | Managing user roles & permissions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002543-agency-managing-user-roles-permissions)
  * [How to create a user or admin to manage multiple HL locations without giving them agency access?](/support/solutions/articles/48001153972-how-to-create-a-user-or-admin-to-manage-multiple-hl-locations-without-giving-them-agency-access-)
  * [How to manage developer user accounts?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002458-how-to-manage-developer-user-accounts-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
