Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Work...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows

Modified on: Tue, 1 Feb, 2022 at 1:26 PM

In your Google Ads Account, go to **Tools and Settings**. 

Click**  Conversions** in Tools and Settings

Next click the **ADD CONVERSION ACTION**

To start tracking conversion, we need to choose the import option.

If you want to track the **click on a page or track the call initiated by the user choose the  **

**option to collect the conversion.**

**Please follow the steps to set up your goals.  **

We will need to select "**Imported Lead** " in the dropdown for the "Goal and action optimization" category. 

Next up is the conversion name. Please add a name 

(**You will need to enter this name exactly in Workflows**). 

Choose value for the conversion as same, different or don't use any value.

Next step  is select the count, we would recommend to choose one.

Next, set Click Through conversion to 90 days and set Attribution model as First click

Next, navigate to your Workflow and add an **"Add to Google Adwords** " step.

For Conversion select "**Other** ". Add the Conversion name exactly as named in the step above. 

**Click Save and Publish.**  

**Please Note:**

    In-order for HighLevel to successfully pass a conversion to Google Ads, the contact/opportunity needs to have been created from a url that had a gclid parameter. 
    
    It will take approximately **24 hours** to see the list populated in workfows and in Google Ads Conversions.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Google AdWords](/support/solutions/articles/155000003368-workflow-action-google-adwords)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Conversion Actions](/support/solutions/articles/48001220947-how-to-set-up-google-ad-conversion-actions)
  * [How to Use Google Ads Detection in the Prospecting Tool](/support/solutions/articles/155000003458-how-to-use-google-ads-detection-in-the-prospecting-tool)
  * [Reporting FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002087-reporting-faqs)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
