Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Voicemail](/support/solutions/folders/48000672158)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Voicemail](/support/solutions/folders/48000672158)
  6. Voicemail Drop File Conversion

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Voicemail Drop File Conversion

Modified on: Fri, 6 Sep, 2024 at 7:51 AM

Instructions on how to properly convert audio files to a low quality meant for phones.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How and where to record voicemail drop messages
  * Other recording options
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Related Articles

* * *

# **How and where to record voicemail drop messages**

Record the voicemail message on this website: <https://recordmp3online.com/>

Alternatively, If the voicemail file quality is high, these instructions should help you make it compatible to more carriers:

1\. go to **<https://online-audio-converter.com/>** and upload the voicemail file  

2\. Convert to **ECONOMY 64kbps MP3  **

3\. Upload it back to the voicemail step

# **Other recording options**

If it's still not working, you can try to convert the file further here:

You'll need to get [audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/download/)

You'll need to get [LAME](https://lame.buanzo.org/#lamewindl)

1\. Drag and drop your audio file into audacity

2\. On the bottom left, lower the project rate down to 8000

3\. Tracks -> Resample... -> 8000 -> OK

4\. File -> Export Audio... -> Name the File in the Save As-> Format: Other uncompressed files -> Options -> Header: WAV -> Encoding: U-Law -> OK -> Save -> OK

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

Currently no frequently asked questions. Submit feedback on this article to help is add questions to this section!

* * *

# **Related Articles**

  * [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002369)[Voicemail for Company and Users ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001146671-voicemail-for-company-and-for-users)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Voicemail For Company And For Users](/support/solutions/articles/48001146671-voicemail-for-company-and-for-users)
  * [Voicemail Drop File Conversion](/support/solutions/articles/48000981433-voicemail-drop-file-conversion)

## You may like to read -

  * [How To Setup Automatic Calls and Voicemail Drops](/support/solutions/articles/48000981430-how-to-setup-automatic-calls-and-voicemail-drops)
  * [Voicemail For Company And For Users](/support/solutions/articles/48001146671-voicemail-for-company-and-for-users)
  * [Workflow Action - Voicemail](/support/solutions/articles/155000003275-workflow-action-voicemail)
  * [Call Status Workflow Trigger Setup](/support/solutions/articles/48001212511-call-status-workflow-trigger-setup)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
