Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  6. How to Setup SFTP for your WordPress Site

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Setup SFTP for your WordPress Site

Modified on: Fri, 13 Jan, 2023 at 7:26 AM

SFTP is a way for you to access the files and folders on a website via a client program on your local computer. SFTP stands for Secure File Transfer Protocol (or SSH File Transfer Protocol). It was designed as an extension of the SSH (Secure SHell) protocol. We only support SFTP connections within the CRM to ensure your data remains safe and encrypted.

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### How to use SFTP to connect to your WordPress site?

* * *

## **How to use SFTP to connect to your WordPress site?**

1\. Go to **Sites - > WordPress -> Advanced Settings -> FTP Access**

 2\. Click on **Generate Credentials**. Your credentials will be available in a few minutes.

3\. The Host URL, Port number, Username, and Password can be used to log in to a client program and access the WordPress files. Make sure to keep these credentials safe. The UserName and Password are unique for each user and you can even reset these credentials.

There are many free and premium ones to choose from, we recommend one of the following:

  * [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org/) (Free – macOS or Windows)
  * [WinSCP ](https://winscp.net/eng/index.php)(Free – Windows)
  * [FlashFXP ](https://www.flashfxp.com/)(Premium – Windows)
  * [Cyberduck ](https://cyberduck.io/)(Free – macOS or Windows)
  * [Transmit ](https://panic.com/transmit/)(Premium – macOS)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001199648-getting-started-with-wordpress-client-side-setup-guide)
  * [How to resell WordPress to your clients](/support/solutions/articles/48001199647-how-to-resell-wordpress-to-your-clients)
  * [How to Add Domains in the WordPress Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000002547-how-to-add-domains-in-the-wordpress-dashboard)
  * [WordPress Hosting: Specs, Market Comparison, and New Pricing Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001231366-wordpress-hosting-specs-market-comparison-and-new-pricing-plans)

## You may like to read -

  * [WP File Manager Plugin (Stable Alternative for FTP Access)](/support/solutions/articles/48001222860-wp-file-manager-plugin-stable-alternative-for-ftp-access-)
  * [WordPress Hosting: Specs, Market Comparison, and New Pricing Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001231366-wordpress-hosting-specs-market-comparison-and-new-pricing-plans)
  * [Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001199648-getting-started-with-wordpress-client-side-setup-guide)
  * [List of blocked WordPress plugins](/support/solutions/articles/48001214712-list-of-blocked-wordpress-plugins)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
