Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  6. An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need ...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know

Modified on: Wed, 3 May, 2023 at 3:23 PM

An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know. This article will discuss Whitelabeling your app, login portal, system-generated links, and more.  
  
Agency Settings is the place where you can make changes to agency information.

**Please Note:**

    Companies that rely on custom CSS and Javascript should be aware that their scripts may stop working due to changes in the underlying system. It is the responsibility of those companies to test their scripts frequently and fix any problems they encounter.

#### **Covered in this article:**

  * #### Company Data

  * #### Company Address

* * *

To access Agency Company Settings please click **Settings** within the agency view -> **Company Tab**.

##   
**Company Data**

  1. Company Name - *Used for widgets (Powered by 'Agency Name')
  2. Company Email
  3. Company Phone
  4. Company Website
  5. *Company Logo
  6. *Whitelabel Domain - [White Label the Desktop App](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982207)
  7. *API Domain - [How to Brand System-Generated Links (API Domain)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001143244)
  8. *Privacy Policy URL ([found within](https://www.loom.com/share/fbb537d29efb43c7bd2b0f56932e7bde?t=138) your Login Portal)
  9. Custom Javascript - 
  10. Custom CSS - 

*Items 5 through 8 above are important to [Whitelabel the web app](https://help.gohighlevel.com/help/white-label-the-web-app)

**Please Note:**

    Companies that rely on custom CSS and JS should be aware that their scripts may stop working due to changes in the underlying system. It is the responsibility of those companies to test their scripts frequently and fix any problems they encounter.

##   

* * *

## **Company Address**

  1. Address
  2. City
  3. Zip Code
  4. State/Province/Region
  5. Country 
  6. Time Zone
  7. Experience - [Optimize Experience Features](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001191827)
  8. Content AI - [How to Enable and Rebill Content AI?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001234826)
  9. LC - Premium Triggers & Actions - [How to Enable LC Premium Triggers & Actions for Workflows](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001231559)
  10. Template Library - [How does the Template Library work?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001236650)

**Related Articles:**

[List of all outgoing system-generated emails](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001209235)  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know](/support/solutions/articles/48000982604-an-inside-look-at-agency-company-settings-what-you-need-to-know)
  * [How to Configure Brand System-Generated Links (API Domain)](/support/solutions/articles/48001143244-how-to-configure-brand-system-generated-links-api-domain-)
  * [How To Upgrade To The HighLevel Pro Plan](/support/solutions/articles/48001180534-how-to-upgrade-to-the-highlevel-pro-plan)
  * [How to Delete a Sub-Account/Locations](/support/solutions/articles/48001184862-how-to-delete-a-sub-account-locations)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Set Up a Whitelabel Domain for the Desktop Web App](/support/solutions/articles/48000982207-how-to-set-up-a-whitelabel-domain-for-the-desktop-web-app)
  * [How to use Custom CSS to hide the Twilio error banner](/support/solutions/articles/48001232032-how-to-use-custom-css-to-hide-the-twilio-error-banner)
  * [What will be the order of Email Provider we will use to send emails?](/support/solutions/articles/48001209681-what-will-be-the-order-of-email-provider-we-will-use-to-send-emails-)
  * [SaaS Mode FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002129-saas-mode-faqs)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
