Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [WhatsApp](/support/solutions/folders/48000683465)
  6. WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency

Modified on: Mon, 22 Apr, 2024 at 6:30 AM

**In this article, we will discuss how you can resell WhatsApp to your clients and keep track of which all accounts are using WhatsApp via HighLevel.**

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Pre-requisites for Auto-Reselling
    * Connect your Agency Stripe Account
  * Setting your WhatsApp Price
  * Personalizing offers for certain clients
  * How do I disable WhatsApp for certain clients?
  * How do I directly deploy WhatsApp without Stripe/Reselling to a location?
  * How do I check how much am I paying to HighLevel and for which accounts?
  * How is the experience for your client?
    * How do your clients discover this feature?
  * How do your Clients complete the purchase?
  * How does the billing work?

* * *

## **Pre-requisites for Auto-Reselling**

### **Connect your Agency Stripe Account**

Your agency Stripe account will be used to collect subscription payments for WhatsApp from your clients. You can connect your agency Stripe account to your agency by following this help article - <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard>

**Note:** You can also deploy WhatsApp if you do not have a Stripe without availing the auto-resell feature.

* * *

## **Setting your WhatsApp Price**

You can set your agency-wide offer by configuring it on the Agency left menu -> Reselling tab

* * *

## **Personalizing offers for certain clients**

If you wish to offer a different rate to certain clients, you can do so by following these two steps:

**Step 1:** Go to Sub-Account List -> search for Client -> Click on three dots -> Manage Clients

**Step 2:** Scroll down to the reselling section -> Change the WhatsApp Pricing -> Hit Save  

* * *

## **How do I disable WhatsApp for certain clients?**

If you have certain clients that you do not wish to offer WhatsApp to, you can do so by following these two steps:

**Step 1:** Go to Sub-Account List -> search for Client -> Click on three dots -> Manage Clients

**Step 2:** Scroll down to the reselling section -> Disable WhatsApp by toggle -> Hit Save

**Please note:**

     This offer can only be disabled before the sale has happened. Once a location already purchases WhatsApp, you can not disable it from here. 
    Disabling WhatsApp after the subscription is initiated would mean cancellation. For cancelling the subscription please create a support ticket.

* * *

## **How do I directly deploy WhatsApp without Stripe/Reselling to a location?**

### ****More Tutorials From the Community

<https://youtu.be/uHzyW7yamhA>

<https://youtu.be/w0TSujKqDl4>

<https://youtu.be/dHcfecj9ojg>

**Step 1:** Go to Sub-Account List -> search for Client -> Click on three dots -> Manage Clients

**Step 2:** Scroll down to the reselling section -> Under WhatsApp -> Read and Accept Deploy WA directly T&C -> Hit pay Now

**Please note:**

     WhatsApp tab won’t be visible for the location until this manual deployment takes place(in case agency does not have a Stripe account). It’s important to highlight that manual deployment won’t establish a subscription between the location and agency, while subscriptions with GHL and the agency will still be created.

**Conversation Charges**

     In case agency choses Deploy WhatsApp Directly, then the [WhatsApp conversation charges](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide#Conversation-Based-Pricing) will be deducted from the agency's wallet and location will not be charged for the WhatsApp conversations.

* * *

## **How do I check how much am I paying to HighLevel and for which accounts?**

You can check the same by following these two steps:

**Step 1:** Go to Agency Settings -> Billing -> Subscription -> Reselling WhatsApp -> You can directly see the amount/month and the number of subscription

**Step 2:** Click on Show sub-accounts -> It will list down all the sub-accounts on WhatsApp for you

* * *

## **How is the experience for your client?**

### **How do your clients discover this feature?**

Your clients can discover WhatsApp in the Sub-Account left menu -> WhatsApp

* * *

## **How do your Clients complete the purchase?**

  1. Once your clients have discovered the feature, they can proceed to purchase WhatsApp from you by submitting the payment details and confirming the same.
  2. When your client clicks the Confirm button the system will create the subscription, process the payment, and take them to the WhatsApp dashboard.

* * *

## **How does the billing work?**

When your client purchases WhatsApp it creates 2 subscriptions in the System

  1. Between your client's card & your Stripe Account so you can collect payment from your clients
  2. Between HighLevel & your Stripe account, you pay $10/month/location to HighLevel   

  3. The monthly charge gets you free inbound and outbound messages. When the lead sends an inbound text it gives you a 24-hour window when you can text them back. The window keeps extending with every message. 
  4. If you need to do outreach or if it's been more than 24 hours you will need to use a campaign/template message which is charged. That opens the conversation up for 24 hour window which again keeps extending with every message  

  5. All the outbound template messages will be charged to the location and agency based on the Country the message is sent to and the type of Template [Marketing, Utility, Authentication and Services] used. Attached is the list for reference.

Attachments (1)

[ csv WhatsApp Con....csv  
1.44 KB ](/helpdesk/attachments/155023455304)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [WhatsApp Full Setup Guide for Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001206216-whatsapp-full-setup-guide-for-agency)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)

## You may like to read -

  * [WhatsApp Pricing and Billing - Full Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001428-whatsapp-pricing-and-billing-full-guide)
  * [How to use LeadConnector/Twilio phone number for WhatsApp Business Account ](/support/solutions/articles/155000002352-how-to-use-leadconnector-twilio-phone-number-for-whatsapp-business-account-)
  * [WhatsApp Overview: Sub-Account Set Up and Best Practices](/support/solutions/articles/155000001980-whatsapp-overview-sub-account-set-up-and-best-practices)
  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
