Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  6. Outbound Calls using Dialer on Desktop Web App

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Outbound Calls using Dialer on Desktop Web App

Modified on: Mon, 22 Jul, 2024 at 10:50 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * 1\. Make sure that the microphone is allowed in the browser you are calling from
  * 2\. Check if the microphone is allowed for the HighLevel web page on your browser:
  * 3\. Check if there are any Google extensions (VPN) that might block the call dialling.
  * 4\. Check if it works using the Google chrome guest browser
  * 5\. Edit the Twilio number - Outbound Call Timeout - Make sure it's more than 20 seconds and more so it will dial for longer.
  * 6\. Try to log in to app.gohighlevel.com on your Mobile phone's browser, not the mobile app, and see if you can call from there using the cellular data instead of the wifi network.
  * 7\. Check if the TwiML app's location ID is correct if the location is already using a Twilio subaccount SID

### 1\. Make sure that the **microphone** is allowed in the **browser** you are calling from

**    To [Turn on app permissions for your microphone in Windows 10](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/turn-on-app-permissions-for-your-microphone-in-windows-10-94991183-f69d-b4cf-4679-c98ca45f577a)**

    To [Control access to the microphone on Mac](https://support.apple.com/en-om/guide/mac-help/mchla1b1e1fe/12.0/mac/12.0)

### 2\. Check if the **microphone** is allowed for the HighLevel **web** page on your browser:

    Click on the lock icon on the top right > Is **microphone** allowed?

****

### 3\. Check if there are any**Google extensions (VPN)** that might block the call dialling.

Or**  to disable any ****VPN****  within the device**

**  
**

### 4\. Check if it works using the Google chrome**guest browser**

**We could try to use the Guest browser of Google chrome where there are no other extensions. And login to HL from the guest browser to make a call.**

### 5\. Edit the Twilio number - Outbound Call Timeout - Make sure it's more than 20 seconds and more so it will dial for longer.

****

### 6\. Try to log in to[app.gohighlevel.com](//app.gohighlevel.com) on your Mobile phone's browser, not the mobile app, and see if you can call from there using the cellular data instead of the wifi network.

This will help us to know if it's device-specific or wifi-specific

### 7\. Check if the TwiML app's location ID is correct if the location is already using a Twilio subaccount SID

Link to enter:

[https://api.gohighlevel.com/twilio/create_application/**< location_id>**](https://api.gohighlevel.com/twilio/create_application/%3Clocation_id%3E)

* * *

## **FAQs**

### 1\. How can I change the **microphone** that I want to use for calling?

Use the following links for more information, based on your system:

**    To [Turn on app permissions for your microphone in Windows 10](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/turn-on-app-permissions-for-your-microphone-in-windows-10-94991183-f69d-b4cf-4679-c98ca45f577a)**

    To [Control access to the microphone on Mac](https://support.apple.com/en-om/guide/mac-help/mchla1b1e1fe/12.0/mac/12.0)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Call Events Not Working for Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981465-call-events-not-working-for-twilio)
  * [Geo Permissions Issues with Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981435-geo-permissions-issues-with-twilio)
  * [Purchase Twilio Number - "Please Select Bundle/Address to Purchase Number"](/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-bundle-address-to-purchase-number-)
  * [Phone Call Redirect Loop](/support/solutions/articles/48001076653-phone-call-redirect-loop)

## You may like to read -

  * [Outbound Calls / Softphone - How It Works](/support/solutions/articles/48000981431-outbound-calls-softphone-how-it-works)
  * [LC Phone Pricing Structure](/support/solutions/articles/48001223556-lc-phone-pricing-structure)
  * [Mobile Apps Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001702-mobile-apps-overview)
  * [In app call for IVR](/support/solutions/articles/155000002456-in-app-call-for-ivr)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
