Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Account Snapshots](/support/solutions/48000449593)
  4. [Snapshots](/support/solutions/folders/48000666032)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Account Snapshots](/support/solutions/48000449593)
     * [Snapshots](/support/solutions/folders/48000666032)
  6. Import Snapshots

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Import Snapshots

Modified on: Fri, 29 Mar, 2024 at 4:59 PM

**Import Snapshot from Snapshot Share Link**

Follow the steps below to import a snapshot from a shareable link

  1. Log into HighLevel in your web browser
  2. Open an additional tab in your browser
  3. Paste the snapshot share link into the browser address bar and hit enter
  4. Click Yes! Import Now

**Import Snapshot from Email**

Follow the steps below to import a snapshot from email

  1. Log into HighLevel in your web browser
  2. Click Click here. in the email
  3. Click Yes! Import Now

Imported Snapshots appear under the Imported Snapshots tab in Settings (Agency View) -> Account Snapshot.

Next steps 

Once the snapshot is loaded, you need to click on 'Agency View' > 'Subaccounts.'

You will click on the subaccount name (without switching to the subaccount) to open the subaccount details. Then, locate the 'Actions' button in the top right corner and select 'Load Snapshot.'

This will open a dropdown menu where you can load the snapshot and select specific items that you want to be loaded, such as campaigns, calendars, etc..

    You will be able to load as many snapshots as you want per subaccount.
    <https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48000982582?portalId=48000045315>

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Snapshots - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000982511-snapshots-overview)
  * [Create Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982512-create-snapshots)
  * [How to Share Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982513-how-to-share-snapshots)
  * [Import Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982581-import-snapshots)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Share Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982513-how-to-share-snapshots)
  * [Sharing Social Planner Content Across Sub-Accounts via a Snapshot](/support/solutions/articles/48001223768-sharing-social-planner-content-across-sub-accounts-via-a-snapshot)
  * [Delete & Edit the Name of Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982593-delete-edit-the-name-of-snapshots)
  * [IP Protected Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/155000002852-ip-protected-snapshots)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
