Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/48000666397)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/48000666397)
  6. Duplicating Triggers

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Duplicating Triggers

Modified on: Sat, 27 Jan, 2024 at 12:11 AM

### Note: Now that Workflows are live in all accounts, you can do everything that Triggers and Campaigns do (and more!), all in one builder! [Click to learn more about Workflows](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001179678-workflow-builder-overview).

Duplicating triggers is useful if you want to run the same trigger across multiple client locations. Instead of creating and customizing the trigger from scratch, you can simply duplicate it and make any adjustments necessary.

**Follow the steps below if you want to copy a trigger:**

  1. Click Triggers on the client view.
  2. Click on the trigger you want to duplicate.
  3. Click the Actions dropdown on the top right.
  4. Click Duplicate Trigger.
  5. Type in a New Trigger Name and select the client location(s) you want to duplicate the Trigger into.
  6. Click Save.

  * You may need to make adjustments to the trigger duplicated in other client locations depending on the configurations and setup.
  * All duplicated triggers start in draft mode so be sure to activate them.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Triggers - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000982202-triggers-overview)
  * [Duplicating Triggers](/support/solutions/articles/48000982205-duplicating-triggers)
  * [Trigger/workflow - Email/SMS Notifications to Client/Yourself (New Lead)](/support/solutions/articles/48000982203-trigger-workflow-email-sms-notifications-to-client-yourself-new-lead-)
  * [Send Contact Info To Google Sheets Via Webhooks & Zapier](/support/solutions/articles/48001062709-send-contact-info-to-google-sheets-via-webhooks-zapier)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Trigger - Email Events](/support/solutions/articles/155000002678-workflow-trigger-email-events)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Contact Engagement Score](/support/solutions/articles/155000003496-workflow-trigger-contact-engagement-score)
  * [Trigger - Estimates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003704-trigger-estimates)
  * [A List of Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/articles/155000002292-a-list-of-workflow-triggers)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
