Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  6. Enable Your Landline For Text Messages In HighLevel

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Enable Your Landline For Text Messages In HighLevel

Modified on: Thu, 24 Oct, 2024 at 1:44 PM

## What is Hosted SMS?

Hosted SMS allows you to send and receive messages on voice-enabled numbers you already own with another carrier. It does not affect your voice capabilities of the number. We only register the number for SMS to route in and out of the platform.

## What numbers can I host on Twilio for SMS?

Hosted SMS supports US and Canada in Beta. Mobile numbers are not supported. VoIP numbers from some providers will be supported in the future. Numbers already owned by a Twilio account for voice services cannot be hosted on another Twilio account for SMS services.

## How can I host my number for **LC phone locations**?

We will need the end-user to complete ownership verification and LoA (Letter of Authority) signature once the following information has been submitted. [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001204857-ways-to-get-highlevel-support-24-)

[Please copy and share the following information with us in via 24/7 Live Chat Support](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000969-support-chat-widget-upgrade-live-24-7-highlevel-chat-support-just-got-better-)

1\. Location ID:

Found in the URL (https://app.gohighlevel.com/v2/location/**LOCATIONID** /)

**_____**_**e.g. RNTEDRA9ap9xSh2MyTYS_________**_

_****_

2\. Phone number(s):  

**___**_**+17787787878_______**_

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [Best Practices for SMS deliverability and Avoiding SMS Restrictions](/support/solutions/articles/155000000079-best-practices-for-sms-deliverability-and-avoiding-sms-restrictions)
  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [Trigger - Number Validation](/support/solutions/articles/155000003163-trigger-number-validation)
  * [How to validate phone numbers (SMS) ?](/support/solutions/articles/48001153968-how-to-validate-phone-numbers-sms-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
