Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS

Modified on: Tue, 8 Mar, 2022 at 7:18 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * What are v2 funnels & websites?
  * Why do I need to move to v2 funnels if I am selling SaaS?
  * How can I upgrade my SaaS funnels / websites to v2?
    * Step 1 : How do I know which funnel / website version I am on?
    * Step 2 : Make sure you are using Stripe connect
    * Step 3 : Upgrade old funnel to v2 funnel
      * Before upgrading
      * During the Upgrade
      * After the upgrade

If you are selling SaaS products via your funnels or websites, you may need to upgrade your funnels or websites to version 2 available in all accounts before **15 March 2022**. 

# What are v2 funnels & websites?

v2 funnels and websites are more secure, faster, better converting & more feature packed successors of OG funnels & websites. 

You can learn more about the differences between v2 -vs- v1 funnels & websites in these articles

  1. <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001204164-different-websites-funnels-versions-within-the-system>
  2. <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001204903-how-to-upgrade-a-version-1-funnel-to-version-2->

# Why do I need to move to v2 funnels if I am selling SaaS?

You need to upgrade your existing funnels & websites that you use to sell SaaS to v2 versions because of enhanced security and card authorization capabilities that are built into v2 funnels. This will provide you a more robust and secure subscription management experience for your SaaS initiative. 

v2 funnels & websites 

  * allow you to create one-step order checkouts
  * are compatible with 3D secure payments
  * are faster
  * use Stripe connect integration instead of API key integration
  * work better with products, prices & payments features
  * have built -in card authorization security when you sell a recurring product

    v2 funnels & websites are better than v1 funnels & websites in all aspects.

In this article we will discuss how you can migrate to v2 funnels & websites if you are currently selling SaaS using an old funnel. 

# How can I upgrade my SaaS funnels / websites to v2?

## Step 1 : How do I know which funnel / website version I am on?

If your SaaS selling funnel / website is already a v2 funnel, you do not need to take any more steps! You are all done.

If your SaaS selling funnel / website is a v1 funnel / website, please follow the steps further.

## Step 2 : Make sure you are using Stripe connect

    **Important:**
    In order to sell SaaS, this Stripe account must be the same as the Stripe account connected at your agency level.

To check which Stripe account is connected to your agency please navigate to Agency view -> Settings -> Stripe and look at the email ID as shown below

    **Important:**
    While connecting your Stripe account, you may be logged in to multiple email IDs or multiple accounts with the same email ID. Please make sure to select the right one.

## Step 3 : Upgrade old funnel to v2 funnel

### Before upgrading

Import your Stripe Products to your SaaS location using the steps in this article - <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe> 

Your v1 funnel's product area would look something like this before upgrading. 

### During the Upgrade

The upgrade process typically lasts for 45 - 60 seconds. Please make sure you do not navigate away from the page during the upgrade. 

### After the upgrade

After the upgrade your screen would look like this

    **Important**
    Please make sure to test your products in live mode after the upgrade. **Please note that SaaS account creation does not work in test mode.**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to improve the security of my SaaS Checkout process](/support/solutions/articles/155000001180-how-to-improve-the-security-of-my-saas-checkout-process)
  * [Perform a card Auth on your SaaS Checkout pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001206271-perform-a-card-auth-on-your-saas-checkout-pages)
  * [Using SaaS Mode with NMI, Authorize.net, and Square](/support/solutions/articles/155000003670-using-saas-mode-with-nmi-authorize-net-and-square)
  * [How to sell SaaS in currencies other than USD?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001179-how-to-sell-saas-in-currencies-other-than-usd-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
