Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
  4. [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
     * [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  6. How to record Pageviews into Google Analytics for Funnels...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to record Pageviews into Google Analytics for Funnels/Websites (GA4)

Modified on: Mon, 5 Sep, 2022 at 9:04 AM

This is a step-by-step tutorial on how to set up the GA4 to record Pageviews into Google Analytics for Funnels/Websites. In this article, we will walk you through setting up your funnel/website to record page views into GA4.

We are going to assume that you have some basic knowledge of Google Analytics, but if not, we recommend checking out [GA4 - Beginner's Guide to Google Analytics](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/10089681?hl=en)

[](https://moz.com/beginners-guide-to-google-analytics/ga4)

* * *

#### **Covered in this article:**

#### **Step 1:** Log into Google Analytics

#### **Step 2:** Go to Admin Settings

#### **Step 3:** Click on the Create Property and add the name of the property

#### **Step 4:** Go to Data Stream located within the left menu

#### **Step 5:** Choose the Web option and add the URL of the funnel/website which you would like to track. 

#### **Step 6:** Add the script (gtag.js) provided inside Google to the Funnel/Website tracking code OR follow the instructions of the Google Tag manager listed below.

  * #### How to add Google Site Tag (gtag.js) to your Funnel/Website 

* * *

## **Step 1:** Log into Google Analytics

##   
**Step 2:  **Go to Admin Settings

##   
**Step 3:  **Click on the **Create Property** and _add the name of the property_

##   
  
**Step 4:** Go to Data Stream located within the left menu

##   
  
**Step 5:** Choose the Web option and add the URL of the funnel/website which you would like to track. 

Once you have added the stream URL and named your stream, please proceed to click on the "**Create Stream** " button

##   

**Step 6:** Add the script (gtag.js) provided inside Google[ to the Funnel/Website tracking code](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001219725/edit?portalId=48000045315#How-to-add-Google-Site-Tag-\(gtag.js\)-to-your-Funnel/Website-%3Chead%3E) **_OR_** follow the instructions of the Google Tag manager given below.

###   

### How to add **Google Site Tag (gtag.js)** to your Funnel/Website **< head>******  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Understanding Attribution Source (Ad Reporting)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219997-understanding-attribution-source-ad-reporting-)
  * [Understanding Google Ad Reporting Terminology](/support/solutions/articles/48001219241-understanding-google-ad-reporting-terminology)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001219312-how-to-set-up-google-ad-reporting)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Precautionary Tracking Script](/support/solutions/articles/48001219356-how-to-set-up-google-ad-precautionary-tracking-script)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Add To Google Analytics](/support/solutions/articles/155000003367-workflow-action-add-to-google-analytics)
  * [Google Analytics 4 Tracking](/support/solutions/articles/48001234199-google-analytics-4-tracking)
  * [How to send data to Google Analytics within a Workflow](/support/solutions/articles/48001223243-how-to-send-data-to-google-analytics-within-a-workflow)
  * [Use Google Analytics (GA4) to Track Website and Chat Widget Activity](/support/solutions/articles/155000002178-use-google-analytics-ga4-to-track-website-and-chat-widget-activity)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
