Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
  4. [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
     * [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  6. When contact detail page is Missing Activity

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# When contact detail page is Missing Activity

Modified on: Thu, 6 May, 2021 at 6:17 PM

Our developer, Malde dives deep into this and added more logs to troubleshoot further to find the following reasons:

One reason why attribution activity is missing from the contact details might be because the lead fills out the form using iPhone/safari. And this issue happened because the User turns on the option to block all the cookies when form submission happens.

Here is the reference link: <https://support.apple.com/en-in/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac>

And one other case where we can't track activity, If

?notrack=true

params are present on the URL. ex: 

<https://test.com/?notrack=true>

Cookies and local storage permissions are required. We are storing user's activity and server session-id on the browser's local storage. If session-id does not store on their local storage or if we can't access it, we can't store contact activity.

For the notes: we are storing every activity but not assign them to contact if the session is not stored or access.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Understanding Attribution Source (Ad Reporting)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219997-understanding-attribution-source-ad-reporting-)
  * [Understanding Google Ad Reporting Terminology](/support/solutions/articles/48001219241-understanding-google-ad-reporting-terminology)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001219312-how-to-set-up-google-ad-reporting)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Precautionary Tracking Script](/support/solutions/articles/48001219356-how-to-set-up-google-ad-precautionary-tracking-script)

## You may like to read -

  * [Chat Widget Attribution](/support/solutions/articles/48001175057-chat-widget-attribution)
  * [Toll-Free Verification Guide for LC - Phone (US/Canada)](/support/solutions/articles/48001222300-toll-free-verification-guide-for-lc-phone-us-canada-)
  * [Trigger Links - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000981404-trigger-links-overview)
  * [Email Statistics](/support/solutions/articles/48001215386-email-statistics)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
