Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  6. Import Existing Twilio Numbers into HighLevel

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Import Existing Twilio Numbers into HighLevel

Modified on: Tue, 14 Nov, 2023 at 5:23 PM

1\. Is the number you want to import a Twilio number?

Yes - go to 2.

No - Check out [how to port a Phone Number to Twilio here](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223179348-Porting-a-Phone-Number-to-Twilio)

2\. Once it's ported as a Twilio number, How to import an existing Twilio phone number into a HighLevel client account?

[how to move Twilio numbers from your client's Twilio account to your own Twilio account here](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223135327-Moving-Twilio-Phone-Numbers-to-another-Twilio-project).

# How to locate the gaining SID for the account:

### 1\. Click on sub-account name on the top left

### 2\. Click on Switch to Agency View

### 3\. Click on Settings

### 4\. Click on Phone Integration

### 5\. That's the master Twilio account SID

### 6\. Click on Sub Account Settings

###   

### 7\. Click on the pencil icon on the right for the sub-account you want to move the number to

### 8\. That'd be the gaining Account SID for the sub-account you want to move the number to

Click on **Update Credential** to update the Twilio Account SID and auth token for the sub-account

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [Incoming or inbound SMS message showing as calls / not showing at all](/support/solutions/articles/48001181601-incoming-or-inbound-sms-message-showing-as-calls-not-showing-at-all)
  * [Purchase Twilio Number - "Please Select Bundle/Address to Purchase Number"](/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-bundle-address-to-purchase-number-)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152123-sms-still-coming-from-old-twilio-number-when-i-got-a-new-one-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
