Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
  4. [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
     * [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  6. Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate

Modified on: Sun, 29 Dec, 2019 at 12:11 PM

Learn how to promote HighLevel as a new Affiliate

So, you've recently become an affiliate, and you’re ready to get started sharing HighLevel with your colleagues...

LET'S DO THIS!

### 3 Easy Ways To Promote Highlevel & Build Your Income

**1\. Leverage the TEMPLATE - Agency snapshot**

The Agency snapshot has everything you need to get colleagues on your calendar so you demo HighLevel and answer any questions they might have, including an outreach campaign and a landing page with a non-branded demo video.

To get started, just follow the Agency Snapshot Setup Guide then upload your colleagues into Contacts then [bulk-request](https://help.gohighlevel.com/help/bulk-requests) (or [manually add](https://share.getcloudapp.com/mXu7wol0)) them into the A) Potential Affiliate Nurture campaign. 

**2\. Make "[old service] Vs. HighLevel" Blog Posts & YouTube Videos**

As HighLevel grows, more and more people are searching for comparison articles and videos to learn more about the benefits to be had by leaving the tools they currently use for HighLevel. The more in-depth your articles/videos, the better chance they have of being shared and to rank in search results.

Be sure to hyperlink all mentions of HighLevel with your affiliate link and be sure to add your affiliate link to the video description and embed your video into your comparison articles!

**3\. Make "Why I switched From [old service] To HighLevel Blog Posts & YouTube Videos**

Just like with strategy #2, the more of these you make, the better chance you'll have of curious marketers finding them in search results then clicking through you affiliate link.

Be sure to hyperlink all mentions of HighLevel with your affiliate link and be sure to add your affiliate link to the video description and embed your video into your comparison articles!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

## You may like to read -

  * [Integrishield & Affiliate Content Compliance](/support/solutions/articles/155000002797-integrishield-affiliate-content-compliance)
  * [How to use Affiliate Portal](/support/solutions/articles/48001202637-how-to-use-affiliate-portal)
  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [First Steps to be a Successful HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48001182420-first-steps-to-be-a-successful-highlevel-affiliate)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
