Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Why Tracking Code doesn't get copied on copying a page?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Why Tracking Code doesn't get copied on copying a page?

Modified on: Wed, 18 Nov, 2020 at 4:07 AM

**Tracking code does not get copied when you copy a step in a funnel or when you copy a page of a website, why?**

**Parent Page:**

****

**Cloning:**

****

**Cloned Page:**

****

**Reason:**

Tracking code is specific to a certain page right, users may complain of some side effects related to multiple tracking or events from the wrong page, then come to know that there’s tracking code from older funnel.

Plus people also share their funnels across locations/agencies, i don’t think they would like that tracking code is being shared as well.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Use Google Analytics (GA4) to Track Website and Chat Widget Activity](/support/solutions/articles/155000002178-use-google-analytics-ga4-to-track-website-and-chat-widget-activity)
  * [How to Set Up Call Tracking (Number Pool)](/support/solutions/articles/48000981393-how-to-set-up-call-tracking-number-pool-)
  * [How to record Pageviews into Google Analytics for Funnels/Websites (GA4)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219725-how-to-record-pageviews-into-google-analytics-for-funnels-websites-ga4-)
  * [How to set up a Funnel Event Pixel for Facebook Conversion API?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236281-how-to-set-up-a-funnel-event-pixel-for-facebook-conversion-api-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
