Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [Content AI](/support/solutions/folders/155000000937)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [Content AI](/support/solutions/folders/155000000937)
  6. How to Enable and Rebill Content AI?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Enable and Rebill Content AI?

Modified on: Tue, 28 Mar, 2023 at 11:02 AM

Wanna jazz up your content? Unleash the power of AI and see your content spring to life with tailor-made keywords, tones, and variations!   

The writing game has changed; get ready to experience twice the speed, effortless quality, and unrivaled efficiency! Content AI helps you create social posts and blogs, write copy for sites, and generate appealing emails with the power of Ai. In addition, you can [rebill the costs to your clients even with markup](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001234826/edit?portalId=48000045315#Re-billing-the-costs-to-your-clients-and-making-a-profit)!

* * *

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### **How do I enable content AI?**

#### **Content AI Pricing**

#### **Re-billing the costs to your clients and making a profit**

#### How to turn on re-billing for my clients?

#### How does re-billing work?

* * *

## **How do I enable content AI?**

To enable Content AI, users can access the feature by going to their account settings and enabling it. 

Go to the **Agency Settings >Company> Enable Content AI to enable Content AI. **

Check the box "**I confirm that I agree to the Content AI terms."**  And then hit **Enable.**

**Please Note:**

     Once Content AI is enabled on your account, it can not be disabled again. However, you may stop using it any time you wish to. 

Then, you can enable and configure rebilling for Content AI through the SAAS configurator for all future SAAS clients that will sign up with your agency:  

You can also individually control Rebilling for Content AI in a SAAS sub-account by going to **Sub-Accounts > Manage client for the desired account> Enable Content AI Rebilling.**

**Please Note**

     Content AI is charged with a usage-based pricing per word usage. The pricing is $0.09/1000* words. **The first 500 words are FREE for each sub-account.**** **

* * *

## **Content AI Pricing**

  * Once Content AI is enabled via the Agency settings, EXISTING and New Sub-Accounts will have 500 free words.
  * Once the 500 free words are used, an average of **$0.09/ 1000****words*****  ** will be debited based on using words from the Agency Wallet for each execution from any Sub-Accounts usages UNLESS re-billing is enabled (see below for more info).
  * Each API treats words according to their context in the corpus data. The process works like Content AI takes the prompt, converts the input, processes the prompt, and converts the predicted content back to the words we see in the response. 
  * Price Charged (based on usage) = Prompt Content + Variation Output
  * Each word in the prompt and variation can be long or short, with a 4-12 character base. Some words may have sub-words or trailing spaces or be uppercase/lowercase. Thus, pricing can vary for 10 words input with large words and sub-words compared to 6 words input with smaller characters. The average pricing is **$0.09/1000 words*****  ** to explore inside each content generation place, like the social planners, emails, and sites. 

* * *

## **Re-billing the costs to your clients and making a profit**

**(only for 497 SaaS Agencies)**

Once you have enabled Content AI in your agency account, it will automatically enable all your clients to use it. 

You can bill your clients at cost or add an additional markup of your choosing.

### **How to turn on re-billing for my clients?**

  1. Ensure you have enabled **Content AI** for your Agency first.
  2. If the sub-account isn't in SaaS Mode already, switch the sub-account into SaaS Mode by going into your **Agency account** > **Accounts tab  **> **Scroll to the sub-account** > Click the **three dots icon** and select "**Switch to SaaS.** " Please refer to this article to learn [How to convert a location to SaaS](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001184920).
  3. In **Agency account** > **Accounts tab** > Scroll to the **Sub-Account** > Click the **View Details  **link > **Scroll to the Content AI Re-Sell Settings** section and toggle it on.
  4. Use the slider to set the amount of markup you like to make and hit save!  

  5. Rinse and repeat for all your Sub-Accounts where you wish to rebill for usage.

###   
**How does re-billing work?**

  * Agencies pay HighLevel and get invoices with HighLevel branding
  * Sub-accounts (your clients) pay you (the agency) and get invoices with your branding. The money is deposited in your Stripe account connected to your agency level. [How do I connect my agency's Stripe account to collect payments from my clients?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001171910)

This is very similar to other products that use re-billing or reselling models in the platform. Just like LC Phone or LC Email re-billing, re-billing of the Content AI also utilizes "credits" from the agency wallet & the location wallet, respectively.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Find Past Records of Content Generated by Content AI](/support/solutions/articles/48001234812-how-to-find-past-records-of-content-generated-by-content-ai)
  * [How to Enable and Rebill Content AI?](/support/solutions/articles/48001234826-how-to-enable-and-rebill-content-ai-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to create blog post outline with Content AI?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236120-how-to-create-blog-post-outline-with-content-ai-)
  * [AI Tools in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000002166-ai-tools-in-highlevel)
  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)
  * [How to create a Social Post with Content AI?](/support/solutions/articles/48001234788-how-to-create-a-social-post-with-content-ai-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
