Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Chat Widget](/support/solutions/folders/48000667019)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Chat Widget](/support/solutions/folders/48000667019)
  6. Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Shopify Website

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Shopify Website

Modified on: Fri, 11 Oct, 2024 at 2:02 PM

Are you looking for an easy way to connect with your website visitors and convert them into customers? HighLevel Webchat for Shopify is the perfect solution for you!  
  
In this article, we'll walk you through the steps to start with HighLevel Webchat for Shopify.

* * *

# **How to obtain the embed code for web chat for the website:**

Copy the embed code from **Sites** > **Chat Widget  **> **Get Cod** e

##   

* * *

## **Here are detailed steps on how to add a custom chat widget to a Shopify website using different methods:**

  * Log in to your Shopify account: Go to your Shopify account and log in.
  * Navigate to the "Online Store" section: From your Shopify dashboard, navigate to the "Online Store" section.

  * Edit your website's theme: Select the theme that you want to edit and click on the "**Actions** " button. Choose "**Edit code** " from the drop-down menu.

  * Open your theme's theme.liquid file: In the list of files that appears, select the "**Layout** " folder and then select the "**theme.liquid** " file.

  * Paste the embed code: Locate `</body>` the tag within the **theme.liquid,** then add embed code above it.

  * Save the changes: After adding the embed code, hit the save button.

  * Preview the chat widget: Go to your website and refresh the page. The chat widget should now be visible on your website. 
  * Please test it out to make sure it's working correctly.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)
  * [Overview of Chat Widget Customizations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002960-overview-of-chat-widget-customizations)
  * [How To Automatically Add Email Addresses & Phone Numbers From FB Chat Into Contact Record](/support/solutions/articles/48001173609-how-to-automatically-add-email-addresses-phone-numbers-from-fb-chat-into-contact-record)
  * [Use Google Analytics (GA4) to Track Website and Chat Widget Activity](/support/solutions/articles/155000002178-use-google-analytics-ga4-to-track-website-and-chat-widget-activity)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Squarespace Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239760-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-squarespace-website)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Duda Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239775-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-duda-website)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Weebly Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239750-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-weebly-website)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
