Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Mobile App](/support/solutions/48000455168)
  4. [Get Started](/support/solutions/folders/48000685731)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Mobile App](/support/solutions/48000455168)
     * [Get Started](/support/solutions/folders/48000685731)
  6. How to create invoices in HighLevel (Mobile App)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to create invoices in HighLevel (Mobile App)

Modified on: Mon, 13 Jun, 2022 at 5:05 PM

#### Overview

#### How to create a new invoice

#### How to edit your invoice info

#### How to add taxes to your invoice

#### How to add a discount to your invoice

#### How to send your invoice

#### How to check the status of your invoices

* * *

# **Overview**

###  You can now send invoices to your customers/clients using the **products** that you have created in your sub-account.

###   

###   

###   

###   

* * *

# **How to create a new invoice**

  1. ### **Click on the  ****three lines****  in the top left of the app and select the Invoicing Tab****  
**

  2. ### **Click on the button  **"**+** "**  and start creating a new invoice.**

**Note:**

    **Add Global terms of services/notes by clicking on the _gear wheel_ icon in the top right. You can also do this for the individual invoice in the third "Terms" step:**

### **  
**

### 

| 

### 

| 

###   
  
---|---|---  
  
###   

###   

###   

* * *

# **How to edit your invoice info**

###   
**Step 1:**  **When you begin creating an invoice you will first  ****add the client and edit the Issue and Due dates.**

### 

| 

###   
  
---|---  
  
### **Note:**

    **On mobile, you cannot edit the "from info", image, or invoice number at this time.**

### **  
**  
**Step 2:  **Click The "**+****Add Item** " to add the products that you have created on your products tab. You can also create a new product here.

### 

| 

###   
  
---|---  
  
###   
  
**Step 3:  **Once you add the product it will allow you to edit the price and quantity.

### 

| 

###   
  
---|---  

* * *

# **How to add taxes to your invoice**

### **You can select "****Taxes****" on the "add item" page then select the checkbox next to your taxable options**.

### 

| 

###   
  
---|---  
  
###   

****Or you can select the "****\+ Add Taxes****" button on the "Edit Item" page and select the same options****.

### 

| 

###   
  
---|---  
  
###   

* * *

# **How to add a discount to your invoice**

### ****You can add a discount to this invoice by clicking on the "**discount** " tab and adjust it using the slider****.

### 

| 

###   
  
---|---  
  
###   

###   

###   

###   

* * *

# **How to send your invoice****  
**

### **Step 1:  **Once you preview the invoice now you can send that to your client using the buttons at the bottom. Test invoice on the left or send live invoice on the right.

### ****

###   

###   
**Step 2:  **You can send the invoice through email and/or text as you want here.

### 

| 

###   
  
---|---  
  
###   

###   

###   

###   

* * *

# **How to check the status of your invoices  
**

### **Step 1:  **Go to the Invoicing tab where you will see the list of invoices and they will be color-coded for the statuses Draft, Due, and Overdue.

### 

### **  
**

###   
**Step 2:  **You can search invoices or filter the invoices by status and date range as well.

### 

**Notes:**

    **There is no transaction tab in mobile**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Download the Highlevel-Beta Mobile APP](/support/solutions/articles/48001216444-how-to-download-the-highlevel-beta-mobile-app)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel (Mobile App)](/support/solutions/articles/48001216564-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel-mobile-app-)
  * [Mobile Apps Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001702-mobile-apps-overview)
  * [How to Use Invoices in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003058-how-to-use-invoices-in-the-mobile-app)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)
  * [How to Use Invoices in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003058-how-to-use-invoices-in-the-mobile-app)
  * [Mobile Apps Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001702-mobile-apps-overview)
  * [How to Use POS with Your Service Calendar in the Mobile App](/support/solutions/articles/155000003445-how-to-use-pos-with-your-service-calendar-in-the-mobile-app)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
