Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
  4. [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
     * [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  6. User / Agent Reporting

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# User / Agent Reporting

Modified on: Fri, 29 Mar, 2024 at 10:09 PM

The Agent Reporting feature is available on the [Agency Pro plan](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001180534).

    For most customized reports, please refer to our custom dashboards where you can add and modify custom widget to display metrics from key areas of HighLevel. More information on this feature is available in [Custom Widgets help document](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000001212-feature-document-custom-widgets).

You can access this report through the left-hand menu under "Reporting" > "Agent Reporting" (top menu)

The report includes:

  * Overview of how the entire team is performing at a glance.
  * Opportunities view showing stats, conversion stats, SMS stats, email stats, call metrics, and efficiency.
  * Leaderboard showing most opportunities and most won opportunities.
  * Ability to compare across date ranges.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Understanding Attribution Source (Ad Reporting)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219997-understanding-attribution-source-ad-reporting-)
  * [Understanding Google Ad Reporting Terminology](/support/solutions/articles/48001219241-understanding-google-ad-reporting-terminology)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001219312-how-to-set-up-google-ad-reporting)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Precautionary Tracking Script](/support/solutions/articles/48001219356-how-to-set-up-google-ad-precautionary-tracking-script)

## You may like to read -

  * [Understanding Sales Velocity In Agent Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001169575-understanding-sales-velocity-in-agent-reporting)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Settings](/support/solutions/articles/48001236575-eliza-agent-platform-settings)
  * [Reporting FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002087-reporting-faqs)
  * [Agency Rolled-up Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001224166-agency-rolled-up-reporting)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
