Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketplace & Sales Trainings](/support/solutions/48000452144)
  4. [Sales Trainings and Case Studies](/support/solutions/folders/48000666033)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketplace & Sales Trainings](/support/solutions/48000452144)
     * [Sales Trainings and Case Studies](/support/solutions/folders/48000666033)
  6. How To Sell HighLevel Websites

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How To Sell HighLevel Websites

Modified on: Tue, 7 Apr, 2020 at 4:27 PM

Websites can be one of the best products to offer your clients because they dramatically increase client retention. 

In this presentation we cover why websites are a great product for you to sell, three opportunities to look for when selling websites, and some common pitfalls to avoid along the way.

**Website Audit**

As mentioned in the presentation, a website audit that you can run potential website clients through is a great sales tool. Here are some ideas for audit questions: 

  * Does the page load quickly? (Use <https://tools.pingdom.com/> or <https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/>)
  * Does the site look good on a phone?
  * Is there a clear value statement heading above the fold?
  * Is there a call to action above the fold?
  * Does the site contain all critical business info?
  * Are all fonts easy to read?
  * Does site have unique imagery?
  * Is there 20px of spacing between elements?
  * Are elements evenly spaced?
  * Does the site have trust symbols/testimonials?

**Slide Deck Sales Tool** \- [view here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/189vxHoYGDmET24RnRi4bGiVDId13DkSc9U_Ntr5yNpI/edit?usp=sharing). To save a copy, click File > Make A Copy

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Cold Outreach](/support/solutions/articles/48001063753-cold-outreach)
  * [How to prepare for SaaS Mode?](/support/solutions/articles/48001169170-how-to-prepare-for-saas-mode-)
  * [How to Land Qualified Demos for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001157420-how-to-land-qualified-demos-for-your-agency)
  * [How To Sell HighLevel Websites](/support/solutions/articles/48001073952-how-to-sell-highlevel-websites)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [How To Build Courses / Membership Sites](/support/solutions/articles/48001141015-how-to-build-courses-membership-sites)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
