Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
  4. [Facebook Integration](/support/solutions/folders/48000666319)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
     * [Facebook Integration](/support/solutions/folders/48000666319)
  6. How To Download/Export Facebook Lead Ads and Manually Ad ...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How To Download/Export Facebook Lead Ads and Manually Ad Them To Campaigns & Workflows

Modified on: Sat, 13 Nov, 2021 at 8:11 AM

In Business Suite, you can export a file that contains the information that people submit through your Instant Form. You can also download this data from [Ads Manager](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/794345304231812), request it through the [API](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/guides/lead-ads/leads/v2.5) or access it through an [integrated CRM system](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/908902042493104). We recommend that you download your leads data directly from Business Suite if you don’t have a CRM system integrated with Facebook.

### To download leads data from Business Suite:

  1. Go to [Business Suite](https://business.facebook.com/).
  2. Click **More Tools** from the menu.
  3. Click **Instant Forms**.
  4. Click **Download** next to the form with the leads you want to export.
  5. Choose how you want to download your leads:
     * Click **Download New Leads** if you only want to export the leads that you’ve received since the last time you downloaded.

     * Click **Download by Date Range** if you want to download all the leads you’ve received during a certain time period. After you select this option, choose the preferred date range and click **Download**.

  6. A window appears with your form information. Click **CSV** to download the leads data in your preferred file type.

**Note:** You have 90 days from the time a lead submits their form to download their information. Leads [expire after 90 days](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/1526849577619206). We recommend that you export your leads data regularly.

When you download your file, if you don't see an Ad ID or Ad Set ID field, it may be because:

  * The lead was generated via organic reach.

  * The lead was submitted via an ad preview.

  * You don’t have [advertiser privileges](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/195296697183682) on the ad account that created the lead ad campaign.

### To troubleshoot your file download:

If you can’t download your leads file:

  * Check with your Business Manager admin to see if they’ve customized access permissions in [Leads Access Manager](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/1440176552713521).

  * If they haven’t customized permissions, reach out to your Facebook Page admin to give you the correct access. Before customization, only Facebook Page admins can download leads.

  * If they’ve customized permissions, make sure they’ve given you the correct access. After customization, only people [assigned access permission](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/540596413257598) can download leads.

### To Import The Leads Into HighLevel:

(New UI)

  * Navigate to Contacts and click the Import Contacts Bulk Action

  * Select your CSV file and click Next
  * Map the fields from your Facebook Lead Form to your HighLevel fields and click the Next button
  * On the Details tab, click the Advanced dropdown, add a tag for these leads (optional), and toggle on "Add To Workflow/Campaign" and select the Workflow or Campaign that you'd like to add the leads from the CSV to

(Old UI)

  * Navigate to Contacts and click the Import Contacts Bulk Action

  * Select your CSV file and click Next
  * Map the fields from your Facebook Lead Form to your HighLevel fields and click the Next button
  * Review the sample data and click Continue
  * Select your Duplication Strategy
  * Select or create a tag to be applied to everyone in the CSV
  * In filters, type tag, then select the tag you created in the previous step
  * Select all the contacts
  * Click the "Add To Campaign/Workflow" Bulk Action
  * Click Proceed then select the Campaign/Workflow from the dropdown, give the action a name, then click the "Add to Campaign/Workflow" button
  *   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [(Guest Tutorial) Pabbly Connect - How to integrate Facebook Leads Ads with Your Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001223700--guest-tutorial-pabbly-connect-how-to-integrate-facebook-leads-ads-with-your-sub-account)
  * [A Facebook Token Has Expired In Your HighLevel Account](/support/solutions/articles/48000981594-a-facebook-token-has-expired-in-your-highlevel-account)
  * [Facebook Conversion Leads Walkthrough](/support/solutions/articles/48001233833-facebook-conversion-leads-walkthrough)
  * [Facebook Conversions API Trigger in Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001185099-facebook-conversions-api-trigger-in-workflows)

## You may like to read -

  * [Facebook Lead Ad Integration & Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48000987779-facebook-lead-ad-integration-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [Troubleshooting Facebook Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001220950-troubleshooting-facebook-ad-reporting)
  * [How to set up Facebook Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001204042-how-to-set-up-facebook-ad-reporting)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
