Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/48000666397)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/48000666397)
  6. Assign To User Trigger

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Assign To User Trigger

Modified on: Mon, 12 Jul, 2021 at 12:21 PM

Note: Now that Workflows are live in all accounts, you can do everything that Triggers and Campaigns do (and more!), all in one builder! [Click to learn more about Workflows](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001179678-workflow-builder-overview). 

The "Assign To User" trigger allows you to trigger the assignment of a Contact to a User based on a condition of your choice.

**Only Apply To Unassigned Contacts**

The first thing to note is the "Only apply to unassigned contacts" toggle. If this is OFF and the trigger fires for a contact who has already been assigned to a User, the trigger will overwrite the previous assignment.

**Single User Assignment**

If you select just one User from the "Select User" dropdown, the Contact associated with the trigger condition will be assigned that specific User every time the trigger fires.

**Round-Robin Assignment**

If you select more than one user from the Select User dropdown, the trigger will round-robin assign the contacts. For example: if you select two users (Tom and Jane); the first time the trigger fires it will assign the contact to Tom, the second time it fires it will assign the contact to Jane, the third time the trigger fires it will assign to the contact Tom, and so on and so on.

**Weighted Round-Robin Assignment**

When you select more than one user, you'll see that a dropdown option appears under the label "Split Traffic". By default, it is set to split the traffic equally as described in the example above. If you change the dropdown to "Unevenly", however, you will see several more fields appear, giving you the option to weight the distribution of the leads unevenly, according to the value you enter next to each person's name.

The value you enter indicates how many leads should be assigned to that user before moving on to the next user.

In the scenario of the image above, the 1st time the trigger fires, the contact would be assigned to Chase. The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th times the trigger fires, the leads would be assigned to David. The 5th - 9th times the trigger fires, the leads would be assigned to Ian, and then the 10th time the trigger fires, it would loop back around and the 10th contact would go to Chase again. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Triggers - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000982202-triggers-overview)
  * [Duplicating Triggers](/support/solutions/articles/48000982205-duplicating-triggers)
  * [Trigger/workflow - Email/SMS Notifications to Client/Yourself (New Lead)](/support/solutions/articles/48000982203-trigger-workflow-email-sms-notifications-to-client-yourself-new-lead-)
  * [Send Contact Info To Google Sheets Via Webhooks & Zapier](/support/solutions/articles/48001062709-send-contact-info-to-google-sheets-via-webhooks-zapier)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Automatically Assign Users to Leads In Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/155000002044-how-to-automatically-assign-users-to-leads-in-workflows)
  * [Workflow Action - Assign User](/support/solutions/articles/155000003267-workflow-action-assign-user)
  * [Team Member Assignment (Round Robin Calendar)](/support/solutions/articles/155000002711-team-member-assignment-round-robin-calendar-)
  * [Adding Unassigned Calendars to Groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000003550-adding-unassigned-calendars-to-groups)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
