Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  6. Optimize Experience Features

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Optimize Experience Features

Modified on: Wed, 31 Aug, 2022 at 12:48 PM

The Optimize Experience section of your Agency Settings is where you can control features we use to gather feedback, educate new users, and notify users.

By default, these will be enabled so you will need to disable these if you would like to have them turned off.

* * *

**Covered in this article:**

**Where to enable or disable the Optimized Experience**

**What each Optimized Experience includes**

  * NPS Surveys
  * Product Guides
  * Daily Updates
  * Beta Features

* * *

## **Where to enable or disable the Optimized Experience**

Head into **Agency settings > **Click on**  Company > Scroll down > **Toggle each setting you wish to**  enable or disable**

* * *

# **What each Optimized Experience includes  
**

## **NPS Surveys**

NPS Surveys are pop-up surveys that are occasionally used to gather feedback about new features in order to continually improve the app's UI/UX. The surveys are always white-labeled and never mention HighLevel or its branding.

##   
**Product Guides**

These are pop-up guides that showcase when new features have been added to the platform. These help clients discover new features and assist with engagement, which increases their experience within the platform-

When you click inside the pop-up there will be step-by-step instructions on how to set up or use the new feature!

##   
**Daily Updates**

Daily updates are white-labeled email notifications that get sent out to end users notifying them of important things like new reviews so they can reply as quickly as possible. 

These updates will evolve into a "daily snapshot report", which will contain information about new reviews, average response time, etc. 

## **Beta Features**

Early access to major feature upgrades across all accounts. Experiment with our latest and greatest features before they’re available to everyone. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know](/support/solutions/articles/48000982604-an-inside-look-at-agency-company-settings-what-you-need-to-know)
  * [How to Configure Brand System-Generated Links (API Domain)](/support/solutions/articles/48001143244-how-to-configure-brand-system-generated-links-api-domain-)
  * [How To Upgrade To The HighLevel Pro Plan](/support/solutions/articles/48001180534-how-to-upgrade-to-the-highlevel-pro-plan)
  * [How to Delete a Sub-Account/Locations](/support/solutions/articles/48001184862-how-to-delete-a-sub-account-locations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Email & In-App Appointment Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000003441-email-in-app-appointment-notifications)
  * [How To Do In-App Upsell In Membership?](/support/solutions/articles/48001217227-how-to-do-in-app-upsell-in-membership-)
  * [Feature Document - Multiple Dashboards](/support/solutions/articles/155000001530-feature-document-multiple-dashboards)
  * [Use Google Analytics (GA4) to Track Website and Chat Widget Activity](/support/solutions/articles/155000002178-use-google-analytics-ga4-to-track-website-and-chat-widget-activity)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
