Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [LC Email](/support/solutions/folders/48000686640)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [LC Email](/support/solutions/folders/48000686640)
  6. How to enable and rebill LC Email Validation

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to enable and rebill LC Email Validation

Modified on: Thu, 25 Jul, 2024 at 12:51 PM

Email Validation is a process that checks if an email address is deliverable. In other words, this tool determines if it’s possible to deliver mail to that email address before you send an email.

**Please Note:**

     Email validation feature is only for LC and Mailgun users. 

* * *

**Covered in this article:**

  * How to enable Email Validation
  * Enable Email Validation Re-billing
  * Email Validation Pricing
  * How Email Validation works
  * How to Auto-enable Email Validation for new Sub-accounts

**FAQ:**

  * What does Email Validation check for?
  * Why is Email Validation important?
  * How does Email Validation impact my email deliverability?
  * Why does my sub-account have automatic email validation enabled?
  * When should I validate my email list?
  * Where can I see my client's email usage?
  * How can I bill my clients for usage?

* * *

## **How to enable Email Validation**

  * Navigate to the **agency settings** page and click **Email Services**.
  * Open the **Location Settings  **Tab
  * Enable the Email Validation Switch for sub-account.

Users of sub-accounts now have the ability to enable or disable email verification. (only for LC Email)

When email verification is enabled by a sub-account user, a notification will be sent to all active agency admins and the company's registered email address - ATTN: Email Verification Enabled in Sub-Account (only for LC Email)

* * *

## **Enable Email Validation Re-billing & Re-verification for 90 days**

1\. If the sub-account isn't in SaaS Mode already

Once you are in the agency view, click on **Sub-Accounts** > Search by **sub-account**

2\. Click the three dots icon and select "**Switch to SaaS** "

3\. Click on the **sub-account Name** _OR_ click on the three dots at the bottom right to **Manage Client**

4. Scroll down to find the **LC Email Verification** section.  

Use the slider to set the amount of markup you like to make and hit save!

5\. Enable **Re-verification for 90 days**

Email does go valid or invalid from time to time due to the MX records changing/ not valid, etc. So enabling re-validation for 90 days helps to refresh email validation status. You may set that here:

**Please Note:**

    For Agencies on the $297/$2970 plan, the multiplier for rebilling will be fixed on 1.05x. You need to be on the $497/$4970 plan to increase it beyond 1.05x.

##   

* * *

## **Email Validation Pricing**

We charge **$2.5 for 1000 Email Validations** for all the plans at a lower cost than most major providers compared to $12/1000 with MailGun, which is 79% Cheaper.

Transactions to show what the email charges look like:

**Agency view  **>**  Billing **> **Credits**

##   

* * *

## **How Email Validation works**

  * All the emails will be validated before sending the email if it's not validated before. There was an option to [**re-validate the email in 90 days**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982847). Before email sending, the validated date will be checked if it is validated before 90 days, re-validation will happen.  
  
**On the contact detail page, the user can manually check:**
    * Navigate into the contact record >scroll down the right side > click the envelope icon.
    * ****| 
      * **Red = Invalid or Previously bounced. The error would specify why the Email is invalid.  
  
**
**  
**  
---|---  
****| 
      * **Green = Verified**
**  
**  
****| 
      * **Yellow = Verified**
**  
**  

**  
**

**  
**

* * *

## **How to Auto-enable Email Validation for new Sub-accounts**

  * Navigate to the agency settings page and click Email Services.
  * Open the Advanced Settings Tab
  * Enable Automatically enable email verification for new sub-accounts**  
  
**

****  

**  
**

    **This feature is  very helpful in preventing SaaS fraud**

**  
**

**  
**

* * *

# **FAQ**

**  
**

## **What does Email Validation check for?**

  * The email address syntax is correct.

  * The domain is set up to receive email.

  * The email address exists.

  * The email address isn’t a high-risk address.

  * The email address isn’t role-based, such as info@domain.com or admin@domain.com.

**  
**

## **  
Why is Email Validation important?**

Email Validation is important because it:

  * Boosts your delivery rate by removing invalid email addresses.
  * Maintains your mailing list hygiene by keeping your email list up-to-date.
  * Improves your email marketing metrics like click-through rate (CTR), open rate, and click-to-open ratio (CTOR).
  * Protects your sender's reputation.

**  
**

## **  
How does Email Validation impact my email deliverability?**

Email deliverability is highly impacted by bounced emails. Decrease email bounces by performing email Validation ahead of time.

Your IP address and domain reputation take a hit when your email service provider (ESP) can’t place your email into a subscriber’s inbox. This impacts future deliverability because email clients rely on IP and sender reputations to determine whether or not to deliver your messages. If you have a bad sender or IP reputation, email clients may decide to place emails sent from your domain name in your subscriber’s spam folder. Or, they may not deliver them at all.

**  
**

## **Why does my sub-account have automatic email validation enabled?**

Sub-account has automatic email validation enabled because it was created within the last 30 days, and the deliverability rate of imported email list fell below 90%. This feature is designed to ensure the accuracy and deliverability of email addresses, helping to maintain high deliverability rates and effective emails.

## **  
When should I validate my email list?**

If you’ve bought a mailing list (which we highly recommend that you don’t) or if you’ve inherited a mailing list you’re unfamiliar with. It’s a great idea to use an email verifier.

In addition, if your list has grown or it’s been some time since you last verified your email addresses, we recommend giving your mailing list a health check today.

## **  
Where can I see my client's email usage?**

You can see the client's email usage by navigating to

\- Agency Settings -> Billing -> See Details (under Credits)

**  
**

## **  
How can I bill my clients for usage?**

**If you are on the Pro-plan, you can  rebill your clients and save the time & effort needed to bill them manually.**

* * *

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What is LC Email?](/support/solutions/articles/48001220605-what-is-lc-email-)
  * [How to Migrate My Agency Over to LC - Email](/support/solutions/articles/48001222501-how-to-migrate-my-agency-over-to-lc-email)
  * [How to Set Up Unsubscribe Links for LC - Email](/support/solutions/articles/48001225534-how-to-set-up-unsubscribe-links-for-lc-email)
  * [What is email Bounce Suspension, and how to avoid it](/support/solutions/articles/48001214786-what-is-email-bounce-suspension-and-how-to-avoid-it)

## You may like to read -

  * [Manage Sub-account Email Settings and Migration in LC Email](/support/solutions/articles/155000002222-manage-sub-account-email-settings-and-migration-in-lc-email)
  * [HighLevel Pricing Guide](/support/solutions/articles/155000001156-highlevel-pricing-guide)
  * [Email Sending Guide: Email Best Practices & Email Warm Up](/support/solutions/articles/155000001021-email-sending-guide-email-best-practices-email-warm-up)
  * [Email Validation From Maligun within the CRM](/support/solutions/articles/48000982847-email-validation-from-maligun-within-the-crm)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
