Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Workflows vs Campaigns/Triggers (Deprecated features)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflows vs Campaigns/Triggers (Deprecated features)

Modified on: Fri, 13 Jan, 2023 at 9:54 AM

Workflows make it easy to create automation with triggers and actions, and it is similar to campaigns and triggers but with much more capabilities. Workflows also have capabilities like using if-else statements, wait times, Math functions and so much more. Overall, workflows offer a more powerful and comprehensive automation solution than campaigns and triggers.

#### **Covered In this Article:**

#### General comparison between Workflows and the deprecated features:

#### Why are Campaigns and Triggers not visible in my Sub-account?

#### Workflows vs Triggers, Trigger steps comparison Table

#### Automations Actions Comparison Table

* * *

## **General comparison between Workflows and the deprecated features:**

Workflows can use [**if/else conditions**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001180266-workflow-builder-if-else-conditional-event) and filtering, which allows for more personalized and targeted automation. They combine triggers and campaigns into one system, making it more efficient and streamlined. Workflows have a status/execution log that makes it easier to troubleshoot and track lead status. Workflows are easier to test during onboarding and launch for quality assurance, ensuring that the product is working correctly for clients.

You can [**import your campaigns into workflows**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001196570-creating-campaigns-in-workflows), and then add the triggers as well for a more streamlined automation process.

* * *

## **Why are Campaigns and Triggers not visible in my Sub-account?**

If the sub-account was created using a snapshot of a master account that did not already have campaigns and triggers in it then it would not allow you to see the depreciated features setting in **sub-account > Settings> Business Profile**  
  
****  

But if it was created using the snapshot of a master sub-account that already had triggers and campaigns in it, it should give you the option to enable depreciated features in Business Profile settings.  

The CRM is gradually moving clients towards workflows and moving them away from campaigns and triggers, so these two features are automatically disabled and have no option to be enabled in sub-accounts that were created using snapshots of sub-accounts that did not have these features, to begin with. **Agencies created after November 2021 do not see the option to enable Deprecated features either by default.**

* * *

## **Workflows vs Triggers, Trigger steps comparison Table**

The following is a table of which Trigger steps are supported by Workflows in comparison to Triggers.  

**Please Note:**

    Campaigns cannot be triggered without a Trigger adding contacts to them. Or Contacts being added to them via Bulk Add to Campaign Actions  or CSV Import Add to Campaign Modal.

Trigger Step| Workflows| Triggers  
---|---|---  
  
| **Appointments**  
Appointment Status  
| Yes| Yes  
Customer Booked Appointment  
| Yes| Yes  
  
| **Contact**  
---|---  
Birthday Reminder| Yes| Yes  

Contact Changed  
  
| Yes| No  
Contact Created  
| Yes| No  
Contact DND  
| Yes| Yes  

Contact Tag  
  
| Yes| Yes  
Custom Date Reminder  
  
| Yes| Yes  

Note Added  
  
| Yes| Yes  

Note Changed  
| Yes| No  

Task Added  
| Yes| Yes  

Task Reminder  
| Yes| Yes  

---|---|---  
  
| **Contact Actions**  
---|---  
Customer Replied  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Form Submitted  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Order Form Submission  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Order Submitted  
| Yes  
  
| No  

Survey Submitted  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Trigger Link Clicked  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Twilio Validation Error  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

| **Events**  
---|---  
Call Status  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Email Events  
  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

| **Facebook**  
---|---  
Facebook Lead Form Submitted  
  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

| **Membership**  
---|---  
Category Completed  
| Yes  
  
| No  

Membership New Signup  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Offer Access Granted  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Offer Access Removed  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Product Access Granted  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Product Access Removed  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Product Completed  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

User Login  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

| **Opportunities**  
---|---  
Opportunity Status Changed  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Pipeline Stage Changed  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

Stale Opportunities  
| Yes  
  
| Yes  

| **Payments**  
---|---  
Invoice  
| Yes  
  
| No  

| **Shopify**  
---|---  
Abandoned Checkout  
| Yes  

| No  

Order Placed  
| Yes  

| No  

Order Fulfilled  
| Yes  
  
| No  

| **Media**  
---|---  
Video  
| Yes  
  
| No  

| **TikTok**  
---|---  
TikTok Form Submitted  
| Yes  
  
| No  

* * *

## **Automations Actions Comparison Table**

The following is a table of which Action steps are supported by Workflows in comparison to Campaigns and Triggers.  

Action| Workflows| Campaigns| Triggers  
---|---|---|---  

| **External Communications**  
Send Email  
| Yes| Yes| Yes  

Send SMS  
| Yes| Yes| Yes  

Call  
| Yes| Yes| No  
Voicemail  
| Yes| Yes| No  
Messenger  
| Yes| Yes| No  
Instagram DM  
| Yes| No| No  
Manual SMS  
| Yes| Yes| No  
Manual Call  
| Yes| Yes| No  
GMB Messaging  
| Yes| Yes| No  
  
| **CRM**  
---|---  
Add Contact Tag  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Remove Contact Tag  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Create/Update Opportunity  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Add To Notes  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Assign To User  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Remove Assigned User  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Set Event Start Date  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Add To Workflow  
| Yes| No| No  

Remove From Workflow  
| Yes| No| No  

Remove From All Workflows  
| Yes| No| No  

---|---|---|---  
Remove From Campaign| No| No| Yes  

Remove From All Campaigns| No| No| Yes  

Add to Campaign| No| No| Yes  

Remove Opportunity  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Send Internal Notification  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Set Contact DND  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Edit Conversation  
| Yes| No| Yes  
  
(Only Mark as Read)  
Send Review Request  
| Yes| No| No  

Stripe One-Time Charge  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Update Appointment Status  
| Yes| No| Yes  

---|---|---|---  
Add Task  
| Yes| No| Yes  

AI Appointment Booking Bot  
| Yes| No| No  

Send To Eliza Agent Platform  
| Yes| No| No  

Add To Google Analytics  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Add to Google Adwords  
  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Update Contact Field  
  
| Yes| No| Yes  

Facebook - Add To Custom Audience  
| Yes| No| No  

---|---|---|---  
Facebook - Remove From Custom Audience  
| Yes| No| No  
Facebook - Conversion API  
| Yes| No| No  
  
| **Membership Actions**  
---|---  
Membership Grant Offer  
| Yes| No| Yes  
Membership Revoke Offer  
| Yes| No| Yes  
  
| **Conditions and workflow**  
---|---  
If / Else  
  
| Yes| No| No  
Wait  
| Yes| Yes| No  
Webhook  
| Yes| Yes| Yes  
Go To  
| Yes| No| No  
Math Operation  
| Yes| No| No  
Goal Event  
| Yes| No| No  
  
Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Hubspot to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003388-hubspot-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Issue Certificates: Triggers and Actions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002376-issue-certificates-triggers-and-actions)
  * [MailChimp to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003392-mailchimp-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Event Start Date - Campaign Configurations](/support/solutions/articles/48000980852-event-start-date-campaign-configurations)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
