Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. Grouping of Social Media Profiles

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Grouping of Social Media Profiles

Modified on: Wed, 25 May, 2022 at 11:11 AM

There are times when there are multiple social media profiles or networks. It becomes tough to select each time social profiles while creating a new post. It would become a lot faster to select them all at once with Social Grouping. 

# **How to create a Social Group?**

It can be created from the overview page of Social Planner or while creating a new post or in Settings of Social Planner, user can manage the social accounts inside the group. 

## Each Social will become unique inside the group.

### **Step 1:** Click on **Add Group**

### **Step 2:** Enter the Group Name

### **Step 3:** Click on **Add accounts to group  **and**  select your social channels **

### **Step 4:** Click on **Add Group**

### **Step 5:** If needed, you can **edit** the** ** Group by clicking on the **pencil icon**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Customise post for each socials?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000624-how-to-customise-post-for-each-socials-)
  * [How to find Leads for your business using Prospecting Tool](/support/solutions/articles/155000003170-how-to-find-leads-for-your-business-using-prospecting-tool)
  * [Share your Review Post on social media using Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000001620-share-your-review-post-on-social-media-using-social-planner)
  * [Social Media Icons](/support/solutions/articles/155000001313-social-media-icons)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
