Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
  4. [Shopify](/support/solutions/folders/48000682893)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
     * [Shopify](/support/solutions/folders/48000682893)
  6. How To Integrate HighLevel With Shopify

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How To Integrate HighLevel With Shopify

Modified on: Mon, 29 Jul, 2024 at 10:19 AM

## Integrating Shopify with a HighLevel sub-account is a 2 step process:

1\. Create a Custom App in your Shopify Store

2\. Connect Shopify to your Account

### Step-1: Create a Custom App in your Shopify Store

Before we setup integration we need to create a custom app in your Shopify store.

**1.1    Login to your Shopify store and click on "Apps" in your dashboard**

**1.2 Then, click on "Develop apps" on the top of the screen highlighted in the below picture**

**1.3 Then, click on "Allow custom app development" (if you have already enabled this permission then Shopify  **

**will take you to Step-1.5)**

**1.4 In the next screen, click on "Allow custom app development"**

**1.5 Then, click on "Create an app"**

**1.6 Enter a name for the app (for example "Marvel's App"), select your email under App developer  **

**and click on "Create app"**

**1.7 Then, click on "Configure Admin API scopes" to configure Admin API integration**

**1.8 Search/scroll down to the "Orders" and You will need to enable at the very  **

**least "read_orders" access**

**1.9 Add the "read_customers" scope. In configuration edit the "Admin API Integrations". In this section under**

**customers, select the "read_customers" tick box.**

**1.10 Then, Search/scroll down to the "Products" and You will need to enable at the very  **

**least "read_products" access**

**1.11 Once you've enabled read access on "Orders and Product", save the app by clicking on the  **

**"Save" button on the top right**

**1.12 After saving click on the "Install app" as in the image below**

**1.13 Then, click on "Install" from the pop up as in the image below**

and voilà your App is ready to be integrated now!

**1.14 After installing, the "Admin API access token" that you need for the Shopify integration can  **

**be found under the API credentials section, click on "Reveal token once" to get access to the token**

**1.14 Copy the "Admin API access token" by clicking on the clipboard icon**

### Step-2: Connect Shopify to your Account

**2.1 In your Account go to  ****_Settings > Integrations_****  and click on "Connect" under Shopify**

**2.2 Paste the "Admin API access token" you copied in Step-1.14, enter "Name of your Shopify store" and click "Connect"**

**2.3 Your Shopify integration is done! ?**

### Learn More

[Shopify Elements in HighLevel](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001203897)

[How To Use Shopify Variables](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001203898)

### **More Tutorials from the Community**

<https://youtu.be/jLA7_J-FInQ>

<https://youtu.be/waVr9zFEgjE>

<https://youtu.be/FLV8Shb8_yE>

<https://youtu.be/J7rA3hxSwtI>

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How To Integrate HighLevel With Shopify](/support/solutions/articles/48001203620-how-to-integrate-highlevel-with-shopify)
  * [How To Use Shopify Variables](/support/solutions/articles/48001203898-how-to-use-shopify-variables)
  * [Shopify Elements in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001203897-shopify-elements-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to migrate Shopify stores to Highlevel (including products, collections, orders, contacts, and transactions)?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004056-how-to-migrate-shopify-stores-to-highlevel-including-products-collections-orders-contacts-and-tr)
  * [How to Use Webhooks in HighLevel (Zapier)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001183-how-to-use-webhooks-in-highlevel-zapier-)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Shopify Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239778-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-shopify-website)
  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
