Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/48000666397)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/48000666397)
  6. Trigger/workflow - Email/SMS Notifications to Client/Your...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Trigger/workflow - Email/SMS Notifications to Client/Yourself (New Lead)

Modified on: Wed, 6 Jul, 2022 at 4:09 PM

Note: Now that Workflows are live in all accounts, you can do everything that Triggers and Campaigns do (and more!), all in one builder! [Click to learn more about Workflows](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001179678-workflow-builder-overview).

Send an email and/or SMS notification to your client(s) and/or yourself when a lead is added to a campaign:

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to send internal notifications for workflows
  * Rate limiting on Workflow Notifications

# How to send internal notifications for workflows:

## Set up a new workflow:

Click on Start from scratch

Click on Create workflow

Click on Add New Workflow Trigger

Once you configured the workflow trigger:

Click on Add your first Action

Click on Send Internal Notification

Choose the type of notification:  

Email notification

Internal notification:

SMS notification

# Rate limiting on Workflow Notifications

We have added Rate Limiting for Internal Notification action of workflows.

The current rate limits are

  * 500 notifications / 5mins for each user (Per workflow)
    * In the case of email, its 500 notifications per 5 mins, per user email
    * In the case of SMS, its 500 notifications per 5 mins, per user's phone
    * In the case of in-app notifications, its 500/5mins per user Id

We will skip any notifications that are sent after breaching this limit.

Why was this done, and how will this help?

  * Because no limit was enforced, there were several updates made to a specific conversation of a user.
    * Let's say you put 300k contacts into a workflow
    * And in the internal notification you are sending a mail to a particular user (in most cases we have seen customers set up to send a notification to themselves)
    * Now this particular user mail, will get 300k emails.
    * Because of this, the conversation of this user will be updated 300k times, within a few seconds/minutes.
    * This introduced an overall delay in processing workflow actions.

The rate-limiting should have good gatekeeping for these events, and also prevent customers to send bulk emails to a particular user

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Triggers - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000982202-triggers-overview)
  * [Duplicating Triggers](/support/solutions/articles/48000982205-duplicating-triggers)
  * [Trigger/workflow - Email/SMS Notifications to Client/Yourself (New Lead)](/support/solutions/articles/48000982203-trigger-workflow-email-sms-notifications-to-client-yourself-new-lead-)
  * [Send Contact Info To Google Sheets Via Webhooks & Zapier](/support/solutions/articles/48001062709-send-contact-info-to-google-sheets-via-webhooks-zapier)

## You may like to read -

  * [Triggers - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000982202-triggers-overview)
  * [Action - Internal notification](/support/solutions/articles/155000003202-action-internal-notification)
  * [Workflow Action - Slack Message](/support/solutions/articles/155000003273-workflow-action-slack-message)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Form Submitted](/support/solutions/articles/155000002550-workflow-trigger-form-submitted)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
