Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  6. Call Status Workflow Trigger Setup

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Call Status Workflow Trigger Setup

Modified on: Mon, 11 Sep, 2023 at 2:13 PM

## Two ways to capture Call results:

### 1\. Call Connect feature

This feature requires that the receiver press a key in order to connect the call, this will result in higher accuracy for call reporting. After you enable this option, you will need to update the whisper message as this feature requires that the receiver press a key to connect the call.

2\. Call timeout

If you don't want to use the Call connect feature, you can adjust the Incoming Call Timeout according to how soon the forwarding number's voicemail answers. 

We recommend using a Call Timeout of 20 seconds or lower depending on your forwarding number.

E.g. If your forwarding number's voicemail answers within 15 seconds, set the Call Timeout to 10 seconds so it will drop the Call forwarding before it reaches your voicemail. This will mark the Call as answered because we are not able to know if it's a human or a voicemail answering the call.

You can upload your own voicemail [here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001146671-voicemail-for-company-and-for-users).

Read more:

[Why the Call status workflow trigger is marking calls as completed when the client didn't answer the call](https://gohighlevelassist.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/articles/48001181825-call-status-marking-calls-as-completed-when-the-client-didn-t-answer-the-call)?

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Call Events Not Working for Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981465-call-events-not-working-for-twilio)
  * [Geo Permissions Issues with Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981435-geo-permissions-issues-with-twilio)
  * [Purchase Twilio Number - "Please Select Bundle/Address to Purchase Number"](/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-bundle-address-to-purchase-number-)
  * [Phone Call Redirect Loop](/support/solutions/articles/48001076653-phone-call-redirect-loop)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Trigger - Call Status](/support/solutions/articles/155000002552-workflow-trigger-call-status)
  * [Workflow Action - Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000003274-workflow-action-call)
  * [Workflow Action - IVR Connect Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000003371-workflow-action-ivr-connect-call)
  * [Workflow Action - Log External Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000002930-workflow-action-log-external-call)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
