Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Scroll to elements or sections in websites or funnels

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Scroll to elements or sections in websites or funnels

Modified on: Tue, 4 Jan, 2022 at 10:38 AM

# **There are 3 ways you can anchor/ scroll to elements or sections within website or funnel:**

* * *

### **Method 1:**  Hyperlinking the Text element within the builder

### **Method 2:**  Using a button element in the builder

### Button Option 1 - Website URL

### Button Option 2 - Scroll to element

### **Method 3:**  Using the Navigation Menu element in the builder

* * *

## **Quick Tips & How-to:**

  * **In order to anchor/ scroll  **within the same funnel/website, you will need to use the **CSS selector ID  ****(How to find your #CSS SELECTOR ID****)**

**  
**

  * In order to anchor/ scroll to a section in _another funnel/website page_ please use the page URL with the CSS selector ID appended at the end**:  
**Ex:** **<https://www.URL.com/funnelpath>****_#CSS_** _ _**_SELECTOR_****

** _(This will also work for subdomains)_**

**__**

**Some common use cases to use anchor/ scroll to elements are:**

  * ####  Linking "Table of Contents" items to their corresponding sections

  * #### Linking "Terms of Service" for quick access to important sections 

  * #### Linking sections of your "scripts" for staff when handling prospects

  * #### Linking your "Navigation Menu" to the Pricing table that is located in a specific section of your funnel/ website

  * #### "Book a Call" button that links to a booking widget in another funnel or website

  * #### Specific Video located in a section of a funnel/ website

  * #### Multiple buttons to one section of your website/funnel like an optin form ect

** _  
_**

**_  
_**

# **Lets take a look at how you would find your #CSS SELECTOR ID _  
_**

**_  
_**

## **1\. Head into the Builder  **

Click on the section you would like to anchor/ scroll too. Make sure the section or element is highlighted (green in this case). 

**  
**

**_  
_**

**__**

**_  
_**

**_  
_**

**_  
_**

## **2\. Click on Advanced in the left menu**

Scroll down to the bottom of the left menu until you see CSS selector.

**_  
_**

**__**

**_  
_**

**_  
_**

**_  
_**

## **3\. Click on CSS SELECTOR copy button**

Copy text area titled: #section-6EZdwvZ3l by clicking on the button

** _  
_**

**_  
_**

**__**

**_  
_**

**_  
_**

**_  
_**

**  
**

**  
**

**  
**

**_  
_**

# **Method 1:  **

# **Hyperlinking the Text element within the builder**

## 1\. Drag highlighted text you wish to link your section too.

_  
_

__

_  
_

_  
_

_  
_

## 2\. Click on the "link" button

 _  
_

__

_  
_

_  
_

_  
_

_  
_

## 3\. Paste "#section-6EZdwvZ3l" into input field

**NOTE:**

     To Anchor to another funnel/website section within your system please use the full page URL with the CSS selector ID appended at the end:  
      
    **Ex:** https://www.URL.com/funnelpath#CSSSELECTORID  
    **This will also work for subdomains**

 _  
_

__

_  
_

_  
_

_  
_

_  
_

_  
_

## 4\. Hit "Enter" to make sure changes are saved.

You will know once changes are saved as the highlight text will now be highlighted blue. Viola that's it =)

_  
_

__

_  
_

# **Method 2:  **

# **Using a button element in the builder**

There are 2 primary ways to link a specific section of a page to a button within the funnel/ website builder (circled in red). 

_**Option 1:**_** ****"Website URL"  **  
Ideal for linking across different funnel & website pages _._ This is achieved by inputting the page URL with the #CSS SELECTOR ID appended at the end.  

**Ex:** **[https://www.URL.com/funnelpath](https://www.url.com/funnelpath)**** _#CSS_** _ _**_SELECTOR_** _ _  
_(This will also work for subdomains)_

_**Option 2:**_**  "Scroll to element"**  
Ideal for linking sections __within the same funnel page_. _Please select "Scroll to element" option in the field below and select the section within the page you wish to anchor/ scroll too.

# Button Option 1 - Website URL

## 1\. Click on the button you wish to link a section too

In this example we will be linking a button to a section from another page within the system.

Please proceed to click on the button. A highlighted box (orange) will appear when the button is selected.

## 2\. Click on the dropdown menu located at the bottom of the left side

Click on the dropdown menu located at the bottom of the left side menu

## 3\. Paste the URL plus CSS Selector in the input field

Next lets grab the page URL and append the CSS selector ID to the end.

Ex: [**https://www.URL.com/funnelpath**](https://www.URL.com/funnelpath)** _#CSS_** _ _**_SELECTOR_**  
(This will also work for subdomains)

## 4\. Select the action you would like to happen when the button is clicked

If you would like your link to open in a new tab please toggle this on.

Make sure to hit "**Save** " in the top right hand corner and that's it.

# Button Option 2 - Scroll to element

## 1\. Click on the button you wish to link a section too

A highlighted box (orange) will appear when the button is selected.

## 2\. Click on the "Button Actions" dropdown menu located at the bottom left side

Click on drop down menu and select "**Scroll to element** " option

## 3\. Click on "Scroll to Element" dropdown

This will open a dropdown menu of all the section within that page

## 4\. Hover and click on the section you wish the button to be anchored too

When scrolling through the options in the dropdown menu you will notice a highlighted box appears around the element (blue in the case). Select the element you wish to anchor the button too.

**Note:  **

    The titles in the dropdown menu are auto generated element names. If you would like to label your sections see **Step 5** below.

# **5\. BONUS -  ****How to label your sections**

Click on the section/ element you would like to Label.  
  
This section will be highlighted when selected as show below

## 6\. Scroll to the top of the left hand side menu

Enter the label you wish to call this section.  
  
For our example we will use "New Lead From". 

## 7\. Proceed to the dropdown menu "scroll to element" option

Once the step above is complete, the newly labeled element name "New Lead From" will appear in the dropdown menu

Make sure to hit "**Save** " in the top right hand corner and that's it.

# **Method 3:  **

# **Using the Navigation Menu element in the builder**

**Important Note:**

Navigation menus are global elements, meaning they can be clicked on anywhere they are present. 

For this reason **we recommend** using the URL+CSS selector method to ensure that your links do not break.

  * **Ex:** ****<https://www.URL.com/funnelpath>****_#CSS_** _ _**_SELECTOR_****

###   

## 1\. Click on NAVIGATION MENU element

For this example we will anchor the "Book a Call" option to a booking widget section located in another funnel/ website.

## 2\. Click on the edit pencil next to "Book a Call" located in the left side menu area

###   

## 3\. Click on "Go to website URL"

Paste your redirect URL+CSS Selector: 

**Ex** : **<https://www.URL.com/funnelpath>****_#CSS_** _ _**_SELECTOR_**

 _(This will also work for subdomains)_

## 4\. Open link in New Tab?

For this option if you would like to open the link in a new tab please toggle this feature on  (blue). 

## 5\. Click on Submit

Make sure so hit "Save", that's it!  
  
Your Navigation Menu will now open your booking widget in a new tab.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use Webhook.site to Troubleshoot your API Requests](/support/solutions/articles/48001212085-how-to-use-webhook-site-to-troubleshoot-your-api-requests)
  * [Creating Affiliate Links from HighLevel Landing Pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001209303-creating-affiliate-links-from-highlevel-landing-pages)
  * [Guide to click tracking in email campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/155000002664-guide-to-click-tracking-in-email-campaigns)
  * [How to Configure Brand System-Generated Links (API Domain)](/support/solutions/articles/48001143244-how-to-configure-brand-system-generated-links-api-domain-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
