Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Account Snapshots](/support/solutions/48000449593)
  4. [Snapshots](/support/solutions/folders/48000666032)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Account Snapshots](/support/solutions/48000449593)
     * [Snapshots](/support/solutions/folders/48000666032)
  6. How to Share Snapshots

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Share Snapshots

Modified on: Fri, 3 May, 2024 at 11:41 PM

Snapshots can be shared to new and existing sub-accounts. By doing so, you can easily create a copy of a particular sub-account at a specific point in time, including pre-configured assets like funnels, websites, forms, workflows, calendars, custom fields and values, and much more.

We'll cover how to share a snapshot with another sub-account and how to use them with SaaS mode so new sub-accounts will be created with the snapshot you define instantly. 

* * *

**Covered in this article:**

**Share Options  **

**Agencies on $97 & $297 Plans**

  * 1\. Get a share link
  * 2\. Email share link
  * 3\. Get a permanent link  

**Agencies on $497 Plan (SaaS)**

  * 3\. Agency Restricted
  * 4\. Sub-account Restricted  

**FAQs**

    * If I share a snapshot with agencies outside of my own and later make updates to it, will those changes be reflected or automatically updated in the snapshot previously shared with other agencies?
    * How can I update a snapshot for sub-accounts within my agency?
    * How should I update a shared snapshot using share options 1, 2, and 3 from above to agencies outside of mine?
    * How can I share an updated snapshot with agencies using 'Sub-account' or 'Agency' restricted share links (Share options 3 & 4 from above)?
    * I shared my snapshot and did not see the 'New' items. What happened?
    * For more information and detailed instructions, please refer to the following articles:

**Please Note** :

    It is important to [refresh the Snapshot](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982583) before pushing updates to connected sub-accounts. After pushing the updates, you will have the option to choose which updates to bring over.

* * *

## **Follow the steps below to share a Snapshot:**

  1. Go to the **Agency View**
  2. Click the **Settings** tab at the bottom left menu
  3. Click the **Account Snapshots** tab
  4. Click the **Share button** on the right-hand side of the Snapshot you wish to share

* * *

# **Share Options  **

## Agencies on $97 & $297 Plans

### 1\. Get a share link

  * This creates a shareable link you can copy/paste and send to someone.
  * It can only be used once, meaning that if someone uses it to import the Snapshot into an agency account (including yours), it won't work again, and another shareable link must be generated.  

### 2\. Email share link

  * Sends a share link via email to whatever email address(es) are put in the Emails field. The email sent also contains a clickable link that can be used to import the Snapshot straight from the email.  

### 3\. Get a permanent link

  * This creates a shareable link you can copy/paste and send to someone.
  * Unlike the share link (1. above), this link can be used infinite times. 

## Agencies on $497 Plan (SaaS)

All share options above will be included, plus:  

### 3\. Agency Restricted

  *  _By utilizing Agency Restricted Share Links,_ you can confidently and securely share Snapshots with your chosen trusted agencies. Simply as the other agencies provide their unique relationship numbers and a secure link will be instantly generated for their exclusive use.  

### 4\. Sub-account Restricted

  *  _Sub-account Restricted Share Links_ let you share Snapshots for specific sub-accounts only, making your data sharing more personalized, and only those sub-accounts can use that snapshot.  

####   

* * *

# **FAQs**

###   
**If I share a snapshot with agencies outside of my own and later make updates to it, will those changes be reflected or automatically updated in the snapshot previously shared with other agencies**?

No, regardless of your share options (1-4), snapshots are always considered clones of a specific sub-account at a specific moment. Therefore, any updates made to a snapshot will not be automatically reflected in previously shared snapshots.

###   

### **How can I update a snapshot for sub-accounts within my agency?**

To update a snapshot for sub-accounts within your agency, you need to follow these steps:

  * First, update the Snapshot with the desired changes.
  * Next, push the updated Snapshot to the linked sub-accounts within your agency.

### **How should I update a shared snapshot using share options 1, 2, and 3 from above to agencies outside of mine?**

If you have shared a snapshot using share options 1, 2, or 3, and you want to update it, follow these steps:

  * Refresh or update the existing snapshot with the desired changes.
  * Re-share the NEW snapshot URL with the agencies involved.

It's important to note that generating a new Snapshot URL will invalidate the previous one. Therefore, ensure that you share the new URL for the updated snapshot.

### **How can I share an updated snapshot with agencies using 'Sub-account' or 'Agency' restricted share links (Share options 3 & 4 from above)?**

To share a new snapshot with agencies using 'Sub-account' or 'Agency' restricted share links, follow these steps:

  1. [Refresh or update](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982583) the current snapshot with the desired changes.
  2. Go to the snapshot share modal and select the 'Sub-account' or 'Agency' restricted share link.
  3. Enter all the _**existing and new**_ 'sub-account' or 'Agency' relationship numbers.
  4. Click on 'share' to generate a new snapshot URL.
  5. Share this new URL with the agencies involved, as the old URL will no longer work.

### **I shared my snapshot and did not see the 'New' items. What happened?**

If you shared a snapshot and did not see the 'New' items, you may not have [updated](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982583) the existing snapshot before sharing it. Remember that snapshots are copies of a specific account at a specific point in time.  
  
To include the 'New' items in the shared snapshot, you need to follow these steps:

  * Update the existing snapshot to include the 'New' items.
  * [Re-share the updated snapshot](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001185085) or [push the update](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982583) to the relevant sub-accounts

* * *

#### **For more information and detailed instructions, please refer to the following articles:**

\- **[Create Snapshots](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982512)**

\- **[Share Snapshots with Other Agencies](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982513)**

\- **[Import Snapshots](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982581)**

[**\- Refresh/Update Snapshots  **](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982583)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Snapshots - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000982511-snapshots-overview)
  * [Create Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982512-create-snapshots)
  * [How to Share Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982513-how-to-share-snapshots)
  * [Import Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/48000982581-import-snapshots)

## You may like to read -

  * [IP Protected Snapshots](/support/solutions/articles/155000002852-ip-protected-snapshots)
  * [How to get snapshot URL?](/support/solutions/articles/155000003380-how-to-get-snapshot-url-)
  * [Pushing & Loading Snapshot Updates to Client Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48000982587-pushing-loading-snapshot-updates-to-client-accounts)
  * [Sharing Blog Content Across Sub-Accounts via a Snapshot](/support/solutions/articles/155000003594-sharing-blog-content-across-sub-accounts-via-a-snapshot)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
