Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  6. Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account

Modified on: Tue, 23 Jul, 2024 at 9:33 AM

### **Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account:**

1\. Please [provide the Location ID to our support](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/155000000969-support-chat-widget-upgrade-live-24-7-highlevel-chat-support-just-got-better-) which you are trying to move the Twilio number(s) to so we can identify the ISV account's Account SID for you

2\. [Create a support ticket with Twilio support](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360048500694-Contacting-Twilio-Support) 

**Subject** : **Moving numbers request**

****  

**3\. CCs** : copy and paste this email **migration@leadconnectorhq.com**

click add ( **+** ) so we can approve your request.

**Comment** :

Hi Twilio Support, 

I would like to move the following phone numbers to a new sub-account - 

__**+1 PASTE_TWILIO_NUMBER_HERE  **__

Losing sub-account SID -  

__**E.g. AC8a0eac4ea7651eba06137bbf1a907df62d < Replace your own Twilio sub-account SID here where the number is currently in**__** **

Gaining sub-account SID -  

__**please[contact HighLevel support](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001204857-ways-to-get-highlevel-support-24-) to get the ISV location's Twilio sub-account SID for you**__

Time-frame: ASAP 

Please process this request at the earliest because it is business-critical for me 

Thanks!

Product:**  Phone numbers**

Business Impact:

**P2 Degraded - Twilio or your configuration is not functioning properly or intermittently**

### 4\. Once all details above are filled out and cc'ed, Click on **Submit**

###   

Click on **NO**

****  

Click on

**SUBMIT HELP REQUEST**

****  

* * *

### **Additional Resources**

For more detailed information, you can refer to the following resources from Twilio:

  * [](https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/migrate-twilio-elastic-sip-programmable-voice)[Contact Twilio Customer Support Center](https://help.twilio.com/)

### Need Further Assistance?

If you encounter any issues or need further assistance, feel free to reach out to [Twilio Support](https://help.twilio.com/). They can provide more specific guidance based on your account and requirements.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [How to Disable LC Phone System for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001231698-how-to-disable-lc-phone-system-for-your-agency)
  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Porting your telephone number (non-Twilio number) to a location](/support/solutions/articles/48001211919-porting-your-telephone-number-non-twilio-number-to-a-location)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
