Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How to edit your Email Format for Mobile

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to edit your Email Format for Mobile

Modified on: Mon, 24 Oct, 2022 at 9:57 AM

Mobile devices are an increasingly popular way for your contacts or subscribers to view your email campaigns. This means it's now more important than ever to design with mobile devices in mind.

* * *

**Covered in this article:**

  * ####  To edit mobile styles in a drag-and-drop template

  * #### Preview and test your email campaign

* * *

# **To edit mobile styles in a drag-and-drop template**

The default styles include font size and line height settings that work well on a smaller screen for Design Editor (Drag and Drop Editor). You can make additional changes to these at any time.

To edit mobile styles in a drag-and-drop template - Design Editor, follow these steps:

## 1\. After creating an Email template or campaign, go to the Appearances

  * 

## 2\. Click the Appearance tab and choose Mobile Formatting

  1. 

## 3\. In Mobile Formatting, there are options for different styles, font heights, and alignment.

For font size or button style, the toggle needs to be enabled to apply for the mobile formatting.

    **Note -** The following settings will only work in the mobile version of the email template in email clients which support media queries.

  * 

## 4\. Once the settings are implemented for mobile, click the three dots after saving the template for preview in the mobile view.

### **Preview and test your email campaign**

Preview and test your email campaign on a mobile device to view the changes.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to use the Email Builder and its In-line Editor](/support/solutions/articles/155000000087-how-to-use-the-email-builder-and-its-in-line-editor)
  * [Hide Email Elements on Mobile View](/support/solutions/articles/48001222032-hide-email-elements-on-mobile-view)
  * [Add Product Element in Email Campaign](/support/solutions/articles/155000001250-add-product-element-in-email-campaign)
  * [Mobile Apps Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001702-mobile-apps-overview)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
