Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [Deliverability](/support/solutions/folders/48000665893)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [Deliverability](/support/solutions/folders/48000665893)
  6. Step by Step guide to Creating Custom Unsubscribe Links

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Step by Step guide to Creating Custom Unsubscribe Links

Modified on: Fri, 13 Jan, 2023 at 4:12 PM

To create custom Unsubscribe Links:

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * 1\. Create a landing page with messaging you want people to see when they unsubscribe
  * 2\. Use the url to the landing page from Step 1 to make a Trigger Link. Learn more about Domain Setup (Funnels & Websites)
  * 3\. Replace the default unsubscribe link url with the Trigger Link
  * 4\. Create a workflow that uses "Trigger Link Clicked" as the condition and "Set Contact DND" as the action
  * 5\. Now you can integrate the trigger link as the unsubscribe link in the email footer

## 1\. Create a landing page with messaging you want people to see when they unsubscribe

## 2\. Use the url to the landing page from Step 1 to make a Trigger Link. Learn more about [Domain Setup (Funnels & Websites)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000980308)

## 3\. Replace the default unsubscribe link url with the Trigger Link

Click on 1. **Marketing** > 2\. **Trigger links** > 3\. **Add Link**

Click **Save** once you put:

Name: Unsubscribe Link

Link URL: Paste the funnel unsubscribe page URL here

## 4\. Create a workflow that uses "Trigger Link Clicked" as the condition and "Set Contact DND" as the action

Click on 1. **Automation** > 2\. **Create workflow**

Click on 1. **Start from scratch** > 2\. **Create new workflow**

1\. Update the workflow title to **Trigger Link Unsubscribe**

2\. Click on **Add New Workflow Trigger**

Search for the **Trigger Link Clicked  **workflow trigger

Click on **Add filters**

Filters

**Trigger Link** : Select **Unsubscrbe link**

Now we can add our first workflow action

Look up the action to **Set contact DND**

In the dropdown, choose Enable DND for specific channels:

Select **Email** as the Channels

Click Save Actions

Save and publish workflow!

## 5\. Now you can integrate the trigger link as the unsubscribe link in the email footer

1\. highlight **here**

2\. Click on the **link** icon

Select **Unsubscribe Link** from **Link list**

Click **Save**

Now anyone who click on the trigger link here will be marked DND for the email channel!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [An Introduction To Email Deliverability](/support/solutions/articles/48001063371-an-introduction-to-email-deliverability)
  * [Step by Step guide to Creating Custom Unsubscribe Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001175857-step-by-step-guide-to-creating-custom-unsubscribe-links)
  * [Workflow Action based on Email Event Clicked/Opened](/support/solutions/articles/48001208599-workflow-action-based-on-email-event-clicked-opened)
  * [Why Are My Emails Going To Spam?](/support/solutions/articles/48001063372-why-are-my-emails-going-to-spam-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Email Sending Guide: Email Best Practices & Email Warm Up](/support/solutions/articles/155000001021-email-sending-guide-email-best-practices-email-warm-up)
  * [How to Set Up Unsubscribe Links for LC - Email](/support/solutions/articles/48001225534-how-to-set-up-unsubscribe-links-for-lc-email)
  * [Trigger Links - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000981404-trigger-links-overview)
  * [MailChimp to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003392-mailchimp-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
