Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
  4. [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
     * [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  6. Understanding Sales Velocity In Agent Reporting

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Understanding Sales Velocity In Agent Reporting

Modified on: Wed, 23 Dec, 2020 at 3:34 PM

## Sales velocity is the measurement of how quickly Opportunities become "Won" and generate revenue.

`Sales velocity` = `Total Sales (in USD) / Average Sales Cycle (in month) ` 

Where,

Total Sales Value = total sum of value of won opportunities (in the selected time range)  
Average Sales Cycle = Total Sales Duration / Length of opportunities won  
Total Sales Duration  = Sum of the sales duration of all (won) opportunities

Length of opportunities won =  
Individual sales duration  =  Difference between the time creation of opportunity  & time when opportunity is marked won

In other words,

Sales Velocity = Monthly Sales Value, (V * L)  = Total Sales Value / Normalised Average Sales Cycle (in months)

For Example:

Let's say a User had 3 Opportunities were marked WON in the time period of 1 week.

  * Opportunity #1 was created on Dec. 1st and was marked WON on Dec. 20th (open for 20 Days) and had a sales value of $30
  * Opportunity #2 was created on Dec. 15th and was marked WON on Dec. 21st (open for 5 Days) and had a sales value of $50
  * Opportunity #3 was created on Dec. 21st and was marked WON on Dec. 22nd (Open for 2 Day) and had a sales value of $70

In this case, 

Total Sales Value = $150

Total Sales Duration = (20 days from Opportunity #1 + 5 days from Op #2 + 2 days from Op #3) = 27 d

Average Sales Cycle  = 27 days / 3 won opportunities = 9 days

Average Daily Sales Value = $150 / 9 days = $16.67 / day

Monthly Sales Value = ($150 / 9 days) * 30 days = $500/month

Sales Velocity = $500/month

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Understanding Attribution Source (Ad Reporting)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219997-understanding-attribution-source-ad-reporting-)
  * [Understanding Google Ad Reporting Terminology](/support/solutions/articles/48001219241-understanding-google-ad-reporting-terminology)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001219312-how-to-set-up-google-ad-reporting)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Precautionary Tracking Script](/support/solutions/articles/48001219356-how-to-set-up-google-ad-precautionary-tracking-script)

## You may like to read -

  * [Reporting FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002087-reporting-faqs)
  * [User / Agent Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001183037-user-agent-reporting)
  * [How to Add and Utilize the New Sales Efficiency Widget on Your Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000003146-how-to-add-and-utilize-the-new-sales-efficiency-widget-on-your-dashboard)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Settings](/support/solutions/articles/48001236575-eliza-agent-platform-settings)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
