Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [LC Email](/support/solutions/folders/48000686640)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [LC Email](/support/solutions/folders/48000686640)
  6. What is LC Email?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# What is LC Email?

Modified on: Thu, 29 Aug, 2024 at 2:22 PM

LC Email is an "Email Service Provider", or the "engine" that powers email. It helps agencies avoid the hassle of signing up for Mailgun or another 3rd party email service provider external to the system. In the past, when an agency signed up, they would need to integrate with Mailgun or another email service provider to send/receive email. With LC Email, sending and receiving email works on every sub-account with very little setup required.

If you are looking to migrate over to **LC Email** please see the setup guide:** **[**how to Migrate over to LC Email**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222501). 

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * What is LC Email?
    * Why was this feature built?
    * LC Email Pricing
    * LC Email Verification Pricing
    * Ramp-Up Model:
    * Extend Sending Limit:
    * How Does This Impact Affiliates?
    * FAQ

* * *

## **What is LC Email?**

LC Email acts as an email service provider hosted by the CRM, which has industry-leading Deliverability, Error Monitoring, and Compliance so your emails are much more likely to be delivered. It's also considerably less expensive when compared to other email service providers in the market.  

* * *

## **Why was this feature built?**

LC Email is designed to help agencies avoid the hassle of setting up and managing 3rd party email service providers like Mailgun or Sendgrid. 

As such, we built LC Email to work out-of-the-box with minimal setup and configuration required by an agency or a sub-account. In short, we wanted to provide an email service that "just works."

##   
**LC Email Pricing**

Pricing is **$0.675 for 1,000 emails** for all the plans and the transactions will be detailed at the Agency Level:

To view them, go to "Agency View" > "Billing" > "Credits"

Note: [All incoming and outgoing emails (To, CC, and BCC) will incur charges](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001220605-what-is-lc-email-i-want-to-know-more#LC---Email-Pricing)

* * *

##   
**LC Email Verification Pricing**

You can [turn on email verification](http://How%20to%20enable%20and%20rebill%20LC%20Email%20Validation), which will help to ensure you are sending emails to valid addresses. This service is charged at **$2.50 per 1,000 email verifications.**

* * *

## **Ramp-Up Model:**

  * Every new sub-account on the LC Email System will follow the "**Ramp Up Model**."
  * The reason for utilizing this approach is to build the reputation of a sending domain gradually so your emails will be much more likely to avoid spam filters.
  * The _email limits_ are multiplied each day by the number of days (until the 8th day) the sub-account has been active. 
  * Starting the 8th day:
    * Sub-accounts with a **Shared Domain** will have a limit set to _15,000 emails per day_. 
    * Sub-accounts with a **Dedicated Domain** will have a limit set to _450,000 emails per day_. 

Day| Email Limit  
---|---  
1| 250  
2| 500  
3| 1,000  
4| 2,500  
5| 5,000  
6| 7,500  
7| 10,000  
8th Day & Ongoing| Shared domain: 150,00Dedicated domain: 450,000  

**Please Note:**

     The daily counter resets every day at midnight 00:00:01 AM UTC. If the limit is reached before the rest time, the account is locked for the rest of the period.

* * *

## **Extend Sending Limit:**

**Please note:** It's important to validate the sub-account activity and make sure it is not a spam account.

1\. The limit for Shared Domain email sending is **250 to 15,000  **(To increase you must set up a Dedicated Sending Domain for the sub-account)

2\. The limit for Dedicated Domain email sending is **250 to 450,000  **(To increase this limit, please contact our support team)

Go to the sub-account detail page by navigating to "Agency View" > "Sub-Accounts" > Search and click on the **Sub-Account Name**  and scroll down to the "Additional Settings" section to increase the limit. 

**Shared domain:**

**Dedicated domain:******  

* * *

## **How Does This Impact Affiliates?**

LC Email eliminates one of the two major hurdles to getting up and running with the CRM, which means your new affiliates will likely find success and stick.  

* * *

# **FAQ**

### **How do I migrate my agency over to LC Email?**

Check out the help guide:** [Migrating My Agency Over to LC Email](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222501)**

### **What About Agencies Who Want To Integrate Their SMTP?**

No problem! All new accounts will, by default, use LC Email, but a third-party SMTP provider can be integrated anytime.

###   
**Where can I see my client's email usage?**

You can see the client's email usage by navigating to

\- **Agency Settings** -> **Billing** -> **See Details** (under Credits)

###   

### **What About Existing Accounts?**

Agencies will have the ability to seamlessly migrate to LC Email for existing HighLevel accounts!  

### **How can I bill my clients for usage?**

If you are on the Pro-plan, you can [rebill](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001188579) your clients and save the time & effort needed to bill them manually.

**Will Email rebilling work with ISV?**

Absolutely! All agencies on the Pro Plan will continue to have the ability to re-bill email usage while using LC Email or a connected third-party SMTP. With the lower cost, there's even more margin for your agency!

### **Does cold email work with LC email?**

Yes. Please [see this help article](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001063753-cold-outreach) for more information.

### **Is LC email HIPAA compliant?**

Yes We have a signed BAA with Twilio for HIPAA compliance. As long as you have our HIPAA compliance package you should be good to go!

**Why does my sub-account only have a 15,000 email limit?**

A sub-account without a Dedicated Domain will be considered a shared domain even if the agency has a Dedicated Domain.

To resolve this, [add a Dedicated Domain to the sub-account](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001226115-how-to-set-up-a-dedicated-sending-domain-lc-email-).

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What is LC Email?](/support/solutions/articles/48001220605-what-is-lc-email-)
  * [How to Migrate My Agency Over to LC - Email](/support/solutions/articles/48001222501-how-to-migrate-my-agency-over-to-lc-email)
  * [How to Set Up Unsubscribe Links for LC - Email](/support/solutions/articles/48001225534-how-to-set-up-unsubscribe-links-for-lc-email)
  * [What is email Bounce Suspension, and how to avoid it](/support/solutions/articles/48001214786-what-is-email-bounce-suspension-and-how-to-avoid-it)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Migrate My Agency Over to LC - Email](/support/solutions/articles/48001222501-how-to-migrate-my-agency-over-to-lc-email)
  * [Setting Up SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/articles/48001059689-setting-up-smtp-providers)
  * [How do I analyze my Agency's Spending on LC Communications?](/support/solutions/articles/48001225291-how-do-i-analyze-my-agency-s-spending-on-lc-communications-)
  * [Where Can I Find My Dedicated Domain SMTP Credentials?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002132-where-can-i-find-my-dedicated-domain-smtp-credentials-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
