Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. Preview And Test Your Email Campaign/Templates

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Preview And Test Your Email Campaign/Templates

Modified on: Thu, 10 Oct, 2024 at 1:36 PM

  * Recommendation:
  * Test the Email Campaign/ Template
  * Preview the Email Campaign/ Template

#   
**Recommendation:**

Different email provider display your email differently according to their protocols. We recommend you preview and test your campaign content before you send it. 

# **Test the Email Campaign/ Template**

  1. Go to **Email > Campaign or Template**
  2. Click the**  Campaign or Template which you would like to send for the test**
  3. On the right-hand side corner beside the Save option, there is the **three-dot icon**. Click the icon.

4\. There will be a**  dropdown of the test email.**

5\. In the test email, **Add the emails of the sender, receipt, and email subject.  **

    Note:  The unsubscribe link will not work for test emails 

# **Preview the Email Campaign/ Template**

1\. Go to **Email > Campaign or Template**

2\. Click the **Template which you would like to preview or in the list view, there is an action dropdown of the preview template.  ****For Campaign, Click the action menu with the dropdown of Statistics will have the preview of Email.**

3\. Once **the Campaign/Template edit, on the right-hand side corner beside the Save option, there is the three-dot icon.** Click the icon.

4\. There will be **a dropdown of Preview option** is available.

**        For Template -**

**      For Campaign - **

#   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to import HTML Email Templates/ Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215400-how-to-import-html-email-templates-campaigns)
  * [How to Reschedule an Email Campaign (Email Builder)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215389-how-to-reschedule-an-email-campaign-email-builder-)
  * [Hide Email Elements on Mobile View](/support/solutions/articles/48001222032-hide-email-elements-on-mobile-view)
  * [How to set up A/B testing for your Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001230348-how-to-set-up-a-b-testing-for-your-email-campaigns)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
