Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone ...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling

Modified on: Wed, 16 Aug, 2023 at 3:13 PM

With the SAAS model, Agencies can resell the platform's features and tools to their clients, eliminating the need for local software installation.

Phone Rebilling is a feature that allows businesses to automate the process of billing their clients for phone usage. The feature integrates with the phone system and bills the clients automatically after applying a multiplier to the charges paid to the Phone System by the agency, saving time, reducing errors, and earning some profit for the Agency.

##   

#### **Covered in this Article**

#### **SAAS mode Activation (Request Payment >>Phone Rebilling Config)**

#### **Phone Rebilling on Freelancer Plans (297/month & 2970/year)**

#### How do I know which sub-accounts can be rebilled for phone usage? 

#### How do I enable phone rebilling?

#### How does rebilling work?

#### How can I check my Agency's usage?

#### How can my client check their usage?

##   

* * *

## **SAAS mode Activation (Request Payment >>Phone Rebilling Config)**

**Please Note**

    As of 25th January 2023. Phone Rebilling is also available on the $**297/Month and $2970/year plans!** But only for sub-accounts that are using LeadConnector Phone, not Twilio.

This video covers the **$497/month process and $4970/Year Pro Plan Clients.**

Before you start with this tutorial, you'll want to [**connect your Stripe account to your Agency account if you haven't already**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)**.**

With Phase 2 of SaaS mode, you can activate SaaS mode for specific sub-accounts, request a credit card from your clients via links or connect an existing client from your Stipe account, and configure Twilio rebilling so your clients pre-pay for their Twilio usage. You generate a profit from their credits.

* * *

## **Phone Rebilling on Freelancer Plans (297/month & 2970/year)**

From **January 25th, 2023,** onwards, our agencies on the Freelancer plan (aka Agency Unlimited plan, 297/month or 2970/year) will be able to rebill phone costs to their clients (sub-accounts).

**This only works if your client is using LC Phone (and NOT Twilio)[Click Here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204027) to learn how to move an account over to the LeadConnector Phone System.**

Agencies on the freelancer plan can NOT mark the costs up. Rebilling at markup is only available on the Pro Plan. However, freelancer plan subaccounts will continue to benefit from a 10% discount because what [LC Phone charges is already 10% cheaper than Twilio in most categories like phone numbers, US/Canada SMS and calling, etc](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001223556).

The sub-account must contain at least one account admin (not to be confused with agency admin) to add/manage your client's payment method.

### **How do I know which sub-accounts can be rebilled for phone usage?  **

Please head over to **Agency Level - > Settings -> Phone Integration**

A sub-account can fall into any one of the following conditions

  1. Phone rebilling enabled - You are rebilling phone related costs to your clients
  2. Phone rebilling can be enabled - To rebill phone costs to your client, please go to the manage client page and turn on phone rebilling.
  3. Phone rebilling disabled - Use LeadConnector phone on this sub-account to rebill phone related costs to your clients.

### **How do I enable phone rebilling?**

You can navigate to the Manage Client page from here:

Or from **Agency Sidebar > Sub-Accounts>Scroll to the account:**  
****  
Scroll down to**Phone System Resell Settings and enable this toggle:**  
****

It will then ask for the method by which you want to ask your client to add a Payment Method:  

If the client already exists on your Stripe account, you can choose **I already have this customer in Stripe  **and then search for them using their Name, Email, or Stripe ID which you have them by in Stripe.,

At this point your client can add their payment method by going to **Sub-Account Level - > Settings -> Company Billing page.**

**Please Note**

    Agencies must not add their own card here. It needs to be your client's card.

Once your client has added their card, you can enable the rebilling option for them in the Manage Client area.

As mentioned above, these charges can not be marked up on the Freelancer Plan Agencies. To cover your Stripe charges, the default markup is set to 1.05x (meaning a 5% markup) to cover your Stripe charges.

### **How does rebilling work?**

You, the Agency, get billed from the CRM for LC usage

Your client gets billed from your Stripe account for Phone Rebilling

### **How can I check my Agency's usage?**

 Please head to **Agency Level - > Settings -> Billing** and click on See Details in the credits section.

[How do I analyze my Agency's Spending on LC Communications?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001225291)

### **How can my client check their usage?**

Please head to **Sub-Account Level - > Settings -> Company Billing** and click on See Details in the credits section.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [Email Re-Billing on the Unlimited (297/2970) and Pro (497/4970) Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001188579-email-re-billing-on-the-unlimited-297-2970-and-pro-497-4970-plans)
  * [Pricing and Rebilling Conversation AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000001357-pricing-and-rebilling-conversation-ai)
  * [Rebilling, Reselling, and Wallets Explained](/support/solutions/articles/155000002095-rebilling-reselling-and-wallets-explained)
  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
