Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. SaaS Mode Sub-Accounts Are Not Being Generated

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# SaaS Mode Sub-Accounts Are Not Being Generated

Modified on: Fri, 29 Mar, 2024 at 10:00 PM

If you are testing the 2-step order form tied to a SaaS Mode plan and the sale is not generating a new sub-account, the issue is likely that your sub-account is using "Test Mode" API keys from Stripe.

Note: For SaaS Mode to work:

1) The sub-account where you'll be building the sales page with a 2-step order form tied to your SaaS Mode plans must be integrated with the same Stripe account that the agency account is integrated with.

2) Both the sub-account and the agency account need to be integrated with live Stripe API keys. To find your Stripe API keys, please refer to this [Stripe Help Article on locating API keys](https://support.stripe.com/questions/locate-api-keys-in-the-dashboard). Also, be sure to use a valid credit card when testing, which you can then refund within Stripe when testing is complete.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [SaaS Mode FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002129-saas-mode-faqs)
  * [SaaS User Level Permissions Vs Sub-Account Level Permissions](/support/solutions/articles/48001184431-saas-user-level-permissions-vs-sub-account-level-permissions)
  * [Using SaaS Mode with NMI, Authorize.net, and Square](/support/solutions/articles/155000003670-using-saas-mode-with-nmi-authorize-net-and-square)
  * [Attach SaaS Mode Subscription Plan to an Existing Client/Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001188055-attach-saas-mode-subscription-plan-to-an-existing-client-sub-account)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
