Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. How to authorize card payments in funnels

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to authorize card payments in funnels

Modified on: Thu, 15 Dec, 2022 at 5:09 AM

#### **Covered in this article:**

#### Payment Verification Process in Funnels (Version 2)

#### How Authorization works

#### Authorization Setup

##   

* * *

##   
**Payment Verification Process in Funnels  
**(Version 2)

If you are using Version 1 of the funnel builder, [click here](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204142)  

**Related article:**  [What's the difference between Version 1 & Version 2 of the page builders](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204164)

* * *

## **How Authorization works:**

  * This is **not  **turned on by default  and will require a couple quick extra steps, covered below
  * The system will remove the monetary value placed in the "authorize amount" from the clients bank account before crediting it back later.
  * If the account does not have the funds during the authorization process, they will not be allowed to continue to the next step.
  * Upon authorization approval the system will credit back the account for the amount used to authorize.
  * If you have any "Trial days" attached to the plan those will also kick in as soon as the card is authorized.
  * Funds may take up to 5 business days before being return to the clients bank account
  * **ONLY  **works with _Subscriptions and Payment plans_.  
**  
**

**Note:  **

    If you would like to authorize payment before purchase for _all_ your plans, this process will need to be repeated for each plan attached to the payment form.

* * *

## **Authorization Setup**

1\. Click on Products

Head into your funnel step where the order form is placed, click on products. 

Please note if you are not seeing any products attached to your page, you will need add them first before continuing. 

2\. Click on "Edit" icon

This will open the product settings. In this example there are two plans (monthly $149 & Annual $1490) where "Authorization" will need to be turned on.

First we will start with plan 1 (monthly $149) then _come back and repeat this process for plan 2_ (Annual plan $1490).

3\. Scroll to the bottom and click on "Additional Options>"

4\. Click on the input field "Custom Authorization" and add your amount

**Please Note:**

    Keep in mind the amount you place here will be deducted from the clients account. If the funds are unavailable they will not be able to proceed. 
    
    In this example: The system will take "$1" out of the clients account and then refund the "$1" back.
    
    The refund process may take up to 5 business days before returning the amount taken. 
    
    **ONLY** works with _Subscriptions and Payment_ plans.
    
    **The number should be:**
    equal to or more than 1, 
    number of decimals should be just two. 
    Should NOT be a negative number

5\. Click on "Save"

Make sure to hit "Save", that's it.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to authorize card payments using the old funnel builder](/support/solutions/articles/48001204142-how-to-authorize-card-payments-using-the-old-funnel-builder)
  * [Upgrading to v2 funnels or websites for selling SaaS](/support/solutions/articles/48001210773-upgrading-to-v2-funnels-or-websites-for-selling-saas)
  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Perform a card Auth on your SaaS Checkout pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001206271-perform-a-card-auth-on-your-saas-checkout-pages)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
