Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Calendar Groups](/support/solutions/folders/155000000690)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Calendar Groups](/support/solutions/folders/155000000690)
  6. HighLevel Group Calendar Overview

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# HighLevel Group Calendar Overview

Modified on: Fri, 15 Mar, 2024 at 7:41 PM

    ****In a continued effort to improve the calendar feature from August 2022, several optimizations have occurred.****
    
    ****Please find below the changes that have been introduced****

* * *

## **What's Changed:**

* "Team" calendars are now referred to as "Group"

* You can use Group Calendars for scenarios where a user has multiple types of meetings and would like a way to view all of the options on a single page.

* Adding a Group calendar is now done within the _calendars settings tab_

* Users are directly added to their respective Calendars within the _Team & Event Step_ in the calendar modal.

* The two options for assigning contacts (listed below) have moved to the _Confirmation tab_  

  1. Assign contacts to their respective calendar team members each time an appointment is booked
  2. Skip assigning contact if the contact has already an assigned user

* * *

#### **Creating a Group Calendar**

#### **Add User(s) to the Group Calendar**

#### **Assigning User(s) within the Group Calendar**

* * *

## **Creating a Group Calendar**

Head into the**  location settings > Calendars > **Click on**  "+ Add Group"  **and label the group name, description, and slug > **Save**

##   

##   
  
**Add User(s) to the Group Calendar**

Click on **"+ New Calendar" > "1. Team & Event Setup" > "+ Add User"**

## 

##   

##   
**Assigning User(s) within the Group Calendar**

Within the calendar setup modal head over to the**  "3. Confirmation" **tab**  > **Select the** _assigned options_  **by clicking on the checkboxes

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [HighLevel Group Calendar Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001161037-highlevel-group-calendar-overview)
  * [How to find the Calendar ID for a Group Calendar](/support/solutions/articles/48001207671-how-to-find-the-calendar-id-for-a-group-calendar)
  * [Neo Group View Template](/support/solutions/articles/155000000973-neo-group-view-template)
  * [Adding Unassigned Calendars to Groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000003550-adding-unassigned-calendars-to-groups)

## You may like to read -

  * [Team Member Assignment (Round Robin Calendar)](/support/solutions/articles/155000002711-team-member-assignment-round-robin-calendar-)
  * [Zoom - How to Integrate Zoom with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002372-zoom-how-to-integrate-zoom-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [How to Create Round Robin Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000001485-how-to-create-round-robin-calendars)
  * [Adding Unassigned Calendars to Groups](/support/solutions/articles/155000003550-adding-unassigned-calendars-to-groups)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
