Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Chat Widget](/support/solutions/folders/48000667019)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Chat Widget](/support/solutions/folders/48000667019)
  6. Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Squarespace Website

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Squarespace Website

Modified on: Fri, 11 Oct, 2024 at 2:00 PM

Are you looking for an easy way to connect with your website visitors and convert them into customers? HighLevel Webchat for Squarespace is the perfect solution for you!  
  
In this article, we'll walk you through the steps to start with HighLevel Webchat for Squarespace.

* * *

#### **Covered in this article:**

#### **How to obtain the embed code for web chat for the website:**

#### **Here are detailed steps on how to add a custom chat widget to a Squarespace website using different methods:**

  * #### **Method 1:** Add a custom chat widget using Code Injection

  * #### **Method 2:  **Add a custom chat widget using an Embed Block

* * *

# **How to obtain the embed code for web chat for the website:**

Copy the embed code from **Sites** > **Chat Widget** > **Get Code**

##   

* * *

## **Here are detailed steps on how to add a custom chat widget to a Squarespace website using different methods:**

###   
**Method 1: Add a custom chat widget using Code Injection**

  * Obtain code for the Chat widget as shown above.
  * Log in to your Squarespace account and navigate to the website to which you want to add the chat widget.
  * Click on "Settings" in the main menu. 

  * Select "Developer Tools" in the "Website" section.

  * Click on "Code Injection"

  * Paste the chat widget code in the "Header" or "Footer" fields.

  * Click on "Save" to save the changes.
  * Preview your website to make sure the chat widget appears correctly.

##   

* * *

## **Method 2: Add a custom chat widget using an Embed Block**

  * Log in to your Squarespace account and navigate to the page where you want to add the chat widget.
  * Click on the page editor and select the section where you want to add the chat widget.
  * Click on the plus icon to add a new content block and select "Embed" from the drop-down menu.
  * Paste the chat widget code in the "Code Snippet" field.
  * Click on "Apply" to apply the changes.
  * Preview your website to make sure the chat widget appears correctly.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)
  * [Overview of Chat Widget Customizations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002960-overview-of-chat-widget-customizations)
  * [How To Automatically Add Email Addresses & Phone Numbers From FB Chat Into Contact Record](/support/solutions/articles/48001173609-how-to-automatically-add-email-addresses-phone-numbers-from-fb-chat-into-contact-record)
  * [Use Google Analytics (GA4) to Track Website and Chat Widget Activity](/support/solutions/articles/155000002178-use-google-analytics-ga4-to-track-website-and-chat-widget-activity)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)
  * [Use Google Analytics (GA4) to Track Website and Chat Widget Activity](/support/solutions/articles/155000002178-use-google-analytics-ga4-to-track-website-and-chat-widget-activity)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Duda Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239775-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-duda-website)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Weebly Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239750-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-weebly-website)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
