Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
  4. [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/48000449587)
     * [Conversations](/support/solutions/folders/48000666160)
  6. How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview

Modified on: Fri, 26 May, 2023 at 1:40 PM

The Conversation left panel is a new addition to the Conversations UI, which helps users filter conversations & perform various actions on them to improve their experience & effectiveness overall.

This article will cover conversation filters and bulk actions. To enable them for your sub-account, please head into labs or refer to

* * *

#### **Covered in the Article:**

Enable the 'Conversation Filters' first within 'Labs.' 

####   
Features:

  * #### Bulk actions (limited to 100 conversations at a time)

  * #### Filter conversations (quick filters)

  * #### Sort conversations

  * #### Starred functionality:

* * *

## Enable the '**Conversation Filters** ' first within '**Labs.** ' 

To activate the conversation filters, please head into Sub-account '**Settings'** **>** Click on '**Labs'** **>** '**Enable** ' conversation filter.

##   

* * *

## **Features:**

### **Bulk actions (limited to _100  conversations_ at a time)**

You can perform Conversation specific Bulk Actions to handle multiple conversations simultaneously. You can perform the following Conversation Bulk Actions:  

  1. Mark conversations as _Read:_ All conversations will be marked as read
  2. Mark conversations as _Unread:_ All conversations will be marked as unread
  3. Mark conversations as _Starred:_ All conversations will be marked as starred
  4. Mark conversations as _Unstarred:_ All conversations will be marked as unstarred
  5. Delete conversations: Conversations will be deleted

* * *

### **Filter conversations (quick filters)**

You can filter Conversations based on a few filters, allowing you to narrow down your Conversations View to something you need now.  
  
The following filters are available:

  * By conversation type
  * By assignee
  * By last message channel: Filter the conversations whose last message was from the selected channel.
  * By last message type: Filter the conversations whose last message (outbound) was from the selected type.
  * By last message direction: Filter the conversations whose last message direction was from the selected type.
  * By last outbound message type.
  * By the last outbound message action: Manual or Automated (This filter applies to messages post _9th May 2023_)

* * *

### **Sort conversations**

You can sort your Conversations based on time. It helps in going through your conversations more easily.  
  
You can sort it as follows:  
\- Latest to oldest

\- Oldest to latest  

**Please Note**

    This will also work in combination with the Quick filters mentioned above to make Conversations more structured.   

    So, in essence if you have filters applied and sort based on oldest or latest the system will also account the filters you have selected

###   

* * *

### **Starred functionality:**

A conversation can be marked starred. By doing so, the conversation will have an icon attached for identification.

**To mark a conversation as starred:**

Click on the star icon in the upper right corner of the conversation preview window.

If you want to unmark a conversation as starred, click on the star icon again.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Unread VS Read - Must Manually Mark as Read](/support/solutions/articles/48000980858-unread-vs-read-must-manually-mark-as-read)
  * [How to use Conversation Filters & Bulk Actions Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001222121-how-to-use-conversation-filters-bulk-actions-overview)
  * [How to CC (Carbon Copy) and BCC (Blind Carbon Copy) for email composer](/support/solutions/articles/155000000444-how-to-cc-carbon-copy-and-bcc-blind-carbon-copy-for-email-composer)
  * [Contact Engagement score](/support/solutions/articles/155000001251-contact-engagement-score)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Edit Conversation](/support/solutions/articles/155000003269-workflow-action-edit-conversation)
  * [Conversations: Adding Internal Comments and Mentioning Users](/support/solutions/articles/155000003877-conversations-adding-internal-comments-and-mentioning-users)
  * [WhatsApp - Messaging Limits](/support/solutions/articles/155000001637-whatsapp-messaging-limits)
  * [How to set up Custom Notifications as a User in a Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001224427-how-to-set-up-custom-notifications-as-a-user-in-a-sub-account)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
