Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Wordpress](/support/solutions/folders/48000682017)
  6. WordPress Plugin and Theme Management

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# WordPress Plugin and Theme Management

Modified on: Thu, 9 Feb, 2023 at 4:03 AM

The Wordpress Plugin and Theme Management feature provides to user a holistic view of all the plugins and themes installed in their Wordpress site. This feature enables a user to perform the following actions:

  * View all the installed Plugins and Themes
  * Activate or Deactivate a Plugin or Theme
  * Delete a Plugin or Theme
  * Update a Plugin or Theme to the latest version

**Covered in this Article:**

  1. View installed Plugins and Themes
  2. Update Plugins and Themes
  3. FAQ's

**View installed Plugins and Themes:**

**  
**

Login to GHL Account and switch to Location.  Go to Sites -> WordPress -> Plugins/Themes. 

The current version of the Plugin or theme is shown in the installed version column. The latest version available for update if any can be viewed in the installed version column for all the active Plugins and Theme.

**Update Plugins and Theme:**

To update any plugin or theme, click on the edit icon in the Action column.

The User can update the active plugins and theme to the latest version available. Also the user can choose to activate/deactivate or delete a plugin and click on the change status button to proceed.

**FAQ's:**

**1\. Can I update the Plugin and Theme to the Version of my choice?**

No. The updation happens to the Latest version available.

**2\. Can i Downgrade the Version of Plugin or Theme?**

No. The plugins and themes cannot be restored to the older version.

**3\. Can I manage the Plugins and Themes from WordPress Dashboard directly as well?**[](https://kinsta.com/docs/plugin-and-theme-management/#can-i-still-manage-my-plugins-and-themes-in-my-wordpress-dashboard)

Yes. you can continue to handle plugins and themes through WordPress.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Getting Started with WordPress | Client side setup guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001199648-getting-started-with-wordpress-client-side-setup-guide)
  * [How to resell WordPress to your clients](/support/solutions/articles/48001199647-how-to-resell-wordpress-to-your-clients)
  * [How to Add Domains in the WordPress Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000002547-how-to-add-domains-in-the-wordpress-dashboard)
  * [WordPress Hosting: Specs, Market Comparison, and New Pricing Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001231366-wordpress-hosting-specs-market-comparison-and-new-pricing-plans)

## You may like to read -

  * [WP File Manager Plugin (Stable Alternative for FTP Access)](/support/solutions/articles/48001222860-wp-file-manager-plugin-stable-alternative-for-ftp-access-)
  * [List of blocked WordPress plugins](/support/solutions/articles/48001214712-list-of-blocked-wordpress-plugins)
  * [WordPress Error Codes and Troubleshooting](/support/solutions/articles/48001221815-wordpress-error-codes-and-troubleshooting)
  * [WordPress Hosting: Specs, Market Comparison, and New Pricing Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001231366-wordpress-hosting-specs-market-comparison-and-new-pricing-plans)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
