Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000678544)
  6. Workflow Folder Permission

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Workflow Folder Permission

Modified on: Fri, 2 Sep, 2022 at 4:00 AM

    Workflow folder permissions is only available on the [Agency Pro Plan](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001180534) & above.

## **Restrict access to any folder containing workflows with Folder Permissions**

**Folders allow you to organize content and workflows allow you to automate tasks. You spend hours putting together battle-tested workflows, the last thing you want is unauthorized changes.  **  
  
With folder permissions users without access, won't be able to see, create and edit any workflows within that folder. So, if the folder permissions are set to _agency admin_ , then only users with the _agency admin_ role can see, create and edit workflows.

* * *

## **How-to Add Folder Permissions Within a Workflow Folder**

Hover over or create a **Workflow folder** **>** Click on the "**Actions** " drop-down button **  >** **Manage Permissions** **>** Select **User Type & Role** who will have access to this folder and workflows.

**Please Note:**

     All users **regardless of thier folder permissions** will still be allowed to view the list of workflows the contact belongs to inside the Contact Details Page. Users will also have the ability to __**_add / remove_** contacts **_to/ from_** any Workflow. 

##   

* * *

## **What Access is Granted by User Type and Role?**

Folder Permission is set to| Access granted for  
---|---  
Agency Admin| Only Agency Admin  
Agency User| Agency Admin & Agency User  
Account Admin| Agency Admin, Agency User, & Account Admin   
All| All Users  
  
##   

* * *

###   

## **What a User _Without_ Access Will See**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Create Task Event In Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001147413-create-task-event-in-campaigns)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Standard Triggers - Contact Tag](/support/solutions/articles/48001213546-standard-triggers-contact-tag)
  * [Action - Update Contact Field](/support/solutions/articles/48001214441-action-update-contact-field)

## You may like to read -

  * [Nested Folders](/support/solutions/articles/155000001684-nested-folders)
  * [How to Restore Deleted Workflow](/support/solutions/articles/155000002639-how-to-restore-deleted-workflow)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Settings within the CRM](/support/solutions/articles/48001236605-eliza-agent-platform-settings-within-the-crm)
  * [How To Download/Export Facebook Lead Ads and Manually Ad Them To Campaigns & Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001202215-how-to-download-export-facebook-lead-ads-and-manually-ad-them-to-campaigns-workflows)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
