Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [Account Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666030)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [Account Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666030)
  6. Where and how to configure the Missed Call Text Back feature

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Where and how to configure the Missed Call Text Back feature

Modified on: Mon, 22 May, 2023 at 10:53 AM

Do you want to avoid missing important calls and potentially losing out on business opportunities? HighLevel offers a convenient missed-call-text-back feature to help you stay on top of your game. This feature can quickly be able and allows you to send a text to missed calls automatically. This will ensure you take advantage of every chance to connect with your prospects or clients when they need you most.

In this how-to guide, we'll take you through everything you need to know to set up and use the HighLevel missed-call-text-back feature, so you can streamline your communication and focus on growing your business. Let's get started!

**Please Note:**

    The _missed-call-text-back_ feature will trigger an SMS notification for every missed call, even if the caller tries multiple times within a brief timeframe.  
      
    To avoid receiving multiple SMS notifications for missed calls, it is suggested to [create and customize the exisiting recipe in workflows](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwvCPUxgMaM) and personalize it to manage according to your preference (Try adding a 20+/- min  wait step, or filter using tags - 1st call, 2nd call etc).

* * *

# Step-by-step to configuring the Missed Call Text Back feature

### 1\. Click on _Sub-Account_**  "Settings"** Tab.

### **2.** Within the **"Business Profile"** tab, scroll down

Click on Missed Call Text Back modal and make any changes here you wish

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Business Profile](/support/solutions/articles/48000982605-business-profile)
  * [Call Connect & Missed Call Text-Back](/support/solutions/articles/48001197248-call-connect-missed-call-text-back)
  * [How do I change my Client's Address?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204293-how-do-i-change-my-client-s-address-)
  * [How do I find my Client's Location ID?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204848-how-do-i-find-my-client-s-location-id-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Trigger - Call Status](/support/solutions/articles/155000002552-workflow-trigger-call-status)
  * [Call Connect & Missed Call Text-Back](/support/solutions/articles/48001197248-call-connect-missed-call-text-back)
  * [Industry Playbook - Travel & Hospitality](/support/solutions/articles/155000000968-industry-playbook-travel-hospitality)
  * [Industry Playbook - Insurance Company](/support/solutions/articles/155000000962-industry-playbook-insurance-company)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
