Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  6. Which Twilio phone number will the leads be getting the S...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Which Twilio phone number will the leads be getting the SMS from?

Modified on: Mon, 20 Feb, 2023 at 12:25 PM

Primary rule: 

If the User (who logged in to send the SMS) is in the sub-account's My staff tab and has a Twilio Number assigned to himself or herself, the lead will get the SMS from the **Twilio number** **assigned** to that User. If the Twilio number is **SMS incapable** , we use **the default number** to send out the SMS instead.

Learn more about [Phone numbers for users / Assign Twilio Numbers to Users](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001152124)

Go to sub-account **Settings** > **My staff** > Edit the user

Expand **Call & Voicemail Settings**

## If the User (who logged in to HL) is not inside that sub-account OR the User doesn't have a Twilio number assigned, we will first use

### **1\. Channel number (first Twilio number ever used with that contact)**

If that number got removed, we will then use:

### **2\. Default outbound number**

When we hover over the text messages in the conversation, we can click on the three dots to view **D****etails**. This helps to indicate which Twilio number is used when sending SMS.

Check out why [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001152123)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [SMS Contains Pieces of Code](/support/solutions/articles/48000979914-sms-contains-pieces-of-code)
  * [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152123-sms-still-coming-from-old-twilio-number-when-i-got-a-new-one-)
  * [Incoming SMS only shows up in Conversation / not forwarding to the forwarding number](/support/solutions/articles/48001156789-incoming-sms-only-shows-up-in-conversation-not-forwarding-to-the-forwarding-number)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Assign Twilio Phone Numbers to Users](/support/solutions/articles/48001152124-how-to-assign-twilio-phone-numbers-to-users)
  * [Common Unsuccessful SMS errors](/support/solutions/articles/48001208912-common-unsuccessful-sms-errors)
  * [Troubleshooting when Conversations are glitching](/support/solutions/articles/48001184861-troubleshooting-when-conversations-are-glitching)
  * [What is LC - Phone System?](/support/solutions/articles/48001223546-what-is-lc-phone-system-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
