Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Eliza Agent Platform](/support/solutions/48000456231)
  4. [Eliza Agent Platform Onboarding](/support/solutions/folders/48000690746)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Eliza Agent Platform](/support/solutions/48000456231)
     * [Eliza Agent Platform Onboarding](/support/solutions/folders/48000690746)
  6. Eliza Agent Platform Settings

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Eliza Agent Platform Settings

Modified on: Sun, 7 May, 2023 at 3:53 AM

This article details the configurations that need to be done to get your very own Eliza Agent Platform up and running!

#### **Covered in this Article**

#### **Eliza Agent Platform Settings**

#### Setting up a new location in the Eliza Agent Platform

#### Setting up your team members

#### Eliza Account setup

#### Configuring Webhooks.

#### Dispositions setup

#### System Dispositions

#### Waiting for the customer's response

#### Appointment Booked

#### Autoclosed

#### Disposition Comments Tab

#### Downloading the comments

####   
FAQ management - Templates and Location FAQs

#### Using template parameters in the FAQ Templates

#### Reports

#### Eliza Leads Report

#### Sample of the Eliza-Leads Report

#### Agent Performance Reporting

#### Sample of Agent Performance Report

#### Hot Keys

#### Announcements

**Related Articles**

**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)[Eliza Agent Platform Introduction and FAQs](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)**  
[Eliza Agent Platform Settings within the CRM](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236605-eliza-agent-platform-settings-within-the-crm)

[Eliza Agent Platform Search Tools](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236599-eliza-agent-platform-search-tools)

[Eliza Agent Platform Dashboard](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236604-eliza-agent-platform-dashboard)

[Eliza Agent Platform Conversations](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001236598-eliza-agent-platform-conversations)

* * *

## **Eliza Agent Platform Settings**

###   
  
**Setting up a new location in the Eliza Agent Platform**

Using Eliza's account starts with adding a location to the account. 

Start by clicking the **"Add Location"** button on**  Settings > Locations**

Select the Location from the dropdown, and the Location from HL will be added to Eliza. 

Once the Location is selected from the dropdown, it will show the screen where you need to choose an optional default calendar and set a priority. 

A priority is a generic feature provided by EAP for managing how to prioritize locations within your Eliza account. Locations can be prioritized based on time zones, service level agreements for specific locations, etc.

Choose the agents who can handle the conversations in this Location from the previously created list of agents.  

A note can be added that will be available in the Settings > Announcements section for agents to see. 

Announcements are available only for those agents assigned to work on this Location.

The selected Location can also be removed from Eliza on this screen. Once all of the above is configured, click on **Add Location** to add the account to Eliza.  

* * *

### **Setting up your team members**

On Settings > Team screen, you can add team members as agents or admins. 

The newly added member will receive an email with a link to set up the password for the account.

* * *

### **Eliza Account setup**

Any incoming conversations will be automatically assigned to agents configured to work on that Location in a round-robin fashion. This happens only among the agents who are online. 

."

Any incoming message part of a conversation assigned to a particular agent will still go to the same agent, even if they are offline. 

### **Configuring Webhooks.**

Go to **Settings > Company.**

Configure the webhook to alert the agents for the following situations.

**Type of message**| **Description**| **Keys Configured**  
---|---|---  
Manual assignment| when a conversation is assigned to an agent thru the dashboard by an agent or admin| Type, LocationName, Priority, Agent Email, Conversation Count, contactId, contactName  
Auto Assignment**  
**| When the system automatically assigns a conversation to an agent|  Type, LocationName, Priority, Agent Email, Conversation Count, contactId, contactName  
Unassignment**  
**| When a conversation is removed from an agent**  
**| Type, LocationName, Priority, Agent Email, Conversation Count, contactId, contactName**  
**  
New Message  
**  
**| When a new message arrives for an existing conversation**  
**| Type, LocationName, Priority, Agent Email, Conversation Count, contactId, contactName**  
**  
Disposition Assigned  
**  
**| Whenever the disposition is assigned**  
**| Type, dispositionName, dispositionTag, LocationName, Priority, Agent Email, Contact Id, Contact Name**  
**  
Appointment Booked  
**  
**| Whenever the appointment is booked  
**  
**| Type, dispositionName, appointmentId, LocationName, Priority, Agent Email, Contact Id, Contact Name  

* * *

### **Dispositions setup**

Dispositions are a great way to manage and track different stages of a conversation. 

Enter following details

  1. Disposition name.
  2. Short name.
  3. Tag that needs to be assigned when this disposition is assigned.
  4. Whether comments are allowed while assigning the disposition.
  5. Whether the comments are mandatory.
  6. An option to delete the disposition that is already created.

An agent can choose the disposition while ending the conversation, and the comments entered while assigning the disposition can be retrieved from Settings > Disposition Comments. The disposition can also be re-ordered so that the ordering reflects on the 'Conversation' screen when you click 'End chat.'

#### **System Dispositions**

#### Waiting for the customer's response

Assigned by the system automatically when the agent chooses to close the conversation while waiting for the customer's response. 

#### Appointment Booked

It is assigned automatically whenever the agent books an appointment. 

#### Autoclosed

Assigned in the following situations

  * Pause Conversations
  * Eliza Bypass tag
  * Send to Eliza tag

* * *

### **Disposition Comments Tab**

Only those dispositions that allow comments will show up in this tab.

All the comments the agent enters are available on Settings > Disposition Comments. Here you can filter by Location, the disposition name, the agent name, and the date of assignment of the disposition comment. 

This screen can review the comments and see if the business process can be made more efficient or create an FAQ. 

## Downloading the comments

All the dispositions entered can be downloaded as an excel file using the download button at the top right corner for the chosen criteria, such as Location, Disposition name, and agent. 

* * *

### **FAQ management - Templates and Location FAQs**

FAQs are an efficient way to increase agent productivity. 

When you create an FAQ, the system will give a default set of questions you can use. If you need a different set of questions, you can create your own via the "Add FAQ" button.

If you want to define the questions and want your clients to enter answers, you can enter the questions in the Location and ask your clients to login into [https://app.gohighlevel.com/v2/location/<<locationid>>/settings/eliza_faq](https://app.gohighlevel.com/v2/location/X5392tCsXVshYg8R5fll/settings/eliza_faq) and enter the answers. These answers will be available on the Eliza Agent Platform. Please note that the subaccount should have access to the Sub-Account **settings > Eliza Service tab**. Enable this tab via User permissions for that user.

You can also use custom values in the answers by clicking the icon near the answer box.

A template can be assigned to one or more locations by clicking the "Assign" button. The assignment operation works like a mathematical set union operation. 

  1. If the question is available only on the template and not on Location, then this new question will be added to the Location.
  2. If the question is available on the template and the answer is blank, it will NOT be overridden when assigned to the Location with the same question, but with a valid answer, it will NOT be overridden. 
  3. If the question is available on the template with a valid answer, and the Location also has an answer, it will override the one already available.
  4. If the question is available on the template and not on the Location, then this will be added as a new question. 

##   

#### **Using template parameters in the FAQ Templates**

  * The following items are not available on Eliza (FAQ Templates or the Locations FAQ 
  * Parameters available on FAQs of the Location, and not on the FAQ template

* * *

* * *

### **Reports**

#### **Eliza Leads Report**

This report will have the following columns.

There are more reports to come in the future in this section. For now, we have Eliza's Leads report with the following columns.

  * Location ID
  * Location Name 
  * Address - Location's address
  * Conversation ID - Eliza's conversation id
  * Contact ID - from GHL
  * Lead Name
  * Eliza Agent Name
  * Disposition Name
  * Channels - SMS / Email/phone / Instagram / Facebook / GMB / Reviews
  * Disposition Date - The date on which disposition is assigned
  * Start Date - Conversation Start Date
  * End Date - Conversation End Date

## [Sample of the Eliza-Leads Report](https://t8631005.p.clickup-attachments.com/t8631005/c0ffb503-5203-419d-af93-0bcaee6d11a7/Eliza%20Report%2012_01_2021%20to%2012_31_2021.xlsx)

#### **Agent Performance Reporting**

This report is also available in the reports section for the selected or all the locations for a given date range. 

The maximum date range that can be selected is 90 days.

The following Columns are available in this report

  * Location Id    
  * Location Name    
  * Location Address    
  * Agent Name    
  * Total Contacts Handled    
  * Open Conversations at the time of running the report    
  * Total Conversations    
  * Number of Responses sent (by the agent for that subaccount)    
  * Average Response Time = total amount of time the agent takes to respond to all the messages divided by the number of messages that are replied to during the time frame selected for running the report  
Format HH:MM: SS
  * Average First Response Time= total amount of time the agent takes to send the first response to an inbound message divided by the number of first responses the agent sent during the time frame selected for running the report.  
Format HH:MM: SS
  * Appointment Booked    
  * Auto Close (Due to Agent logout or session timeout)    
  * Waiting for Customer Response    
  * Custom Dispositions defined by you 
  * Send Followup Request    
  * Failed    
  * Custom Service    
  * Closed without Disposition

## [Sample of Agent Performance Report ](https://t8631005.p.clickup-attachments.com/t8631005/818c07dc-daad-47ea-a341-ef6fcd8b21ae/Agents%20Performance%20Report%2003_01_2022%20to%2003_28_2022.xlsx)

**Explanation of this report**

If you find NA in the average response time and/or the average first response time, the agent hasn't closed any conversations in that subaccount.

**It is considered a closed-only file.**

The profile section has the following items. 

  * Change profile photo, phone number, email address
  * Change password
  * Assign a ringtone to alert the agent when they are logged in.
  * Configure either "enter" or the "control enter" to send messages.

* * *

### **Hot Keys**

On the conversations screen, use the following hotkeys for the below-identified actions.

  * End chat - (Alt E or Option E)
  * Choosing the disposition while ending the chat - The serial number of the disposition is displayed on the side of the disposition buttons.
  * Transfer (to another agent) - (Alt T or Option T)
  * Esc key for closing the modal disposition window and the "Transfer to another agent" modal window
  * Move thru the conversations just with the keyboard - Alt + upward arrow for the previous conversation and Alt + downward arrow for the next conversation.

* * *

### **Announcements**

Any announcement configured in the "Edit location" option will be available for the agent in this section. 

The agent will only see those announcements that belong to the Location that they are added to work on. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Eliza Agent Platform - Introduction and FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Settings](/support/solutions/articles/48001236575-eliza-agent-platform-settings)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Conversations](/support/solutions/articles/48001236598-eliza-agent-platform-conversations)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Search Tools](/support/solutions/articles/48001236599-eliza-agent-platform-search-tools)

## You may like to read -

  * [Eliza Agent Platform Search Tools](/support/solutions/articles/48001236599-eliza-agent-platform-search-tools)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Settings within the CRM](/support/solutions/articles/48001236605-eliza-agent-platform-settings-within-the-crm)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform Conversations](/support/solutions/articles/48001236598-eliza-agent-platform-conversations)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform - Introduction and FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
