Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reputation Management & Reviews](/support/solutions/48000449583)
  4. [Review Requests](/support/solutions/folders/48000666025)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reputation Management & Reviews](/support/solutions/48000449583)
     * [Review Requests](/support/solutions/folders/48000666025)
  6. Reputation - Breaking Down the Reputation Overview Dashboard

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Reputation - Breaking Down the Reputation Overview Dashboard

Modified on: Mon, 3 Oct, 2022 at 9:04 AM

In this article, we’ll go through the reputation overview dashboard and explain each section and what it achieves. This can be found within a sub-accounts **Reputation > Overview tab**

#### **Covered in this article:**

#### **What you need to know before continuing with this article:**

  * Invite Goals:
  * Reviews Received:
  * Online Listings (when applicable):
  * Avg Rating:
  * Sentiment:
  * Invite Trends:
  * Review Trends:
  * Latest Review Requests:
  * Latest Review:

* * *

## **What you need to know before continuing with this article:**

You can filter a given time period by clicking on the 3 dots within each section****  

* * *

## Invite Goals:

The 'Invite Goals' are predetermined incremental amounts (_not editable_) and will increase as each goal is achieved. 

* * *

## Reviews Received:

The number of reviews received is based on the time filter selected. The system pulls in new and old reviews from Google and Facebook. The sources are listed at the bottom left of this tile.

In order to retrieve reviews for Google or Facebook make sure you have integrated each channel within the **sub-account settings > integrations**

* * *

## Online Listings (when applicable):

If Yext is enabled and the location is subscribed the 'Online Listings" section will show an overview of your listings here. For more info, click on the **"View Status"** text located in the top right-hand corner

To manage your subaccount listings please click the "manage listings" button  
 __(The Manage Listing option is only visible to**Agency users!**)__

**Related articles:**

[Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001196389)

[How to deploy Yext directly without charging the client?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001210774)

* * *

## Avg Rating:

This is the total amount of reviews divided but the total amount of stars given within the given time filter. 

* * *

## Sentiment:

This is a great way to understand how people feel about your business or service. The sentiment is derived using Google's AI to determine either positive or negative based on reviews on Facebook and Google. 

* * *

## Invite Trends:

The total outbound reviews requested by the sub-account across SMS and email channels, within the given time frame.

* * *

## Review Trends:

Visual bar graph of reviews received by the system month over month.

* * *

## Latest Review Requests:

This includes who the invite was sent to, which channel was used (SMS/Email) and the date it was sent.

* * *

## Latest Review:

This section lists the business's most recent reviews, the contact that left Facebook and Google

#### **Related articles:**

[How to Dispute a Google Review and Check on the Dispute Status](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001180761)

[How to Send Review Requests](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222668)

[Reputation - Breaking Down the Reviews Tab](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222826)

[Reputation Management - Customizing & Displaying the Review Widget](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222766)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Reputation Management - How to Customize the Review Request Messages (SMS/Email)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980328-reputation-management-how-to-customize-the-review-request-messages-sms-email-)
  * [How to Dispute a Google Review and Check on the Dispute Status](/support/solutions/articles/48001180761-how-to-dispute-a-google-review-and-check-on-the-dispute-status)
  * [Review widget - Powered By going to Bad request page](/support/solutions/articles/48001181136-review-widget-powered-by-going-to-bad-request-page)
  * [How to fix when the Review Request Email is not sending](/support/solutions/articles/48001204155-how-to-fix-when-the-review-request-email-is-not-sending)

## You may like to read -

  * [Reputation - Breaking Down the Reviews Tab](/support/solutions/articles/48001222826-reputation-breaking-down-the-reviews-tab)
  * [Workflow Action - Review Request](/support/solutions/articles/155000003291-workflow-action-review-request)
  * [Reputation Management - Market Comparison & why you should choose GHL to boost your online reputation](/support/solutions/articles/155000003397-reputation-management-market-comparison-why-you-should-choose-ghl-to-boost-your-online-reputation)
  * [Snapshots - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000982511-snapshots-overview)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
