Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  6. An error has occured. Please try again. Error message: Th...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# An error has occured. Please try again. Error message: The From phone number is not a valid, SMS-capable inbound phone number or short code for your account.

Modified on: Mon, 20 Feb, 2023 at 1:24 PM

If you're trying to send an SMS message and it's showing you this error message An error has occurred. Please try again. Error message: The From phone number is not a valid, SMS-capable inbound phone number or shortcode for your account.

That's because the Twilio phone number we use to send the SMS is **Voice-capable only**. 

Let's make sure the Twilio number offers both SMS+voice capabilities based on the list of countries listed here: [Twilio international phone number availability and their capabilities](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223183068-Twilio-international-phone-number-availability-and-their-capabilities)

Since our search function is basic and it doesn't show much information about whether or not the Twilio number has SMS/voice capabilities, [click here to learn how to buy a Twilio number for the HighLevel location inside the Twilio console](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001219820-how-to-buy-a-twilio-number-for-the-highlevel-location-inside-twilio-console-).

If the country doesn't offer SMS+voice capable Twilio numbers, Here's how to use the phone assignment feature for **SMS/Voice capable** only Twilio number setup:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [SMS Contains Pieces of Code](/support/solutions/articles/48000979914-sms-contains-pieces-of-code)
  * [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152123-sms-still-coming-from-old-twilio-number-when-i-got-a-new-one-)
  * [Incoming SMS only shows up in Conversation / not forwarding to the forwarding number](/support/solutions/articles/48001156789-incoming-sms-only-shows-up-in-conversation-not-forwarding-to-the-forwarding-number)

## You may like to read -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [Common Unsuccessful SMS errors](/support/solutions/articles/48001208912-common-unsuccessful-sms-errors)
  * [LC Phone Pricing Structure](/support/solutions/articles/48001223556-lc-phone-pricing-structure)
  * [Troubleshooting Login issues](/support/solutions/articles/48001207047-troubleshooting-login-issues)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
