Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
  4. [SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/folders/48000689533)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Email](/support/solutions/48000449563)
     * [SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/folders/48000689533)
  6. Why Can't I use My Free Email Address As The SMTP?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Why Can't I use My Free Email Address As The SMTP?

Modified on: Thu, 29 Aug, 2024 at 1:23 PM

If you're encountering issues using your free email address as the SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) server for sending emails, you're not alone. Many users face challenges when setting up email services with free email providers due to various restrictions and limitations. This article provides a detailed overview of why free email addresses might not be suitable for SMTP and offers insights into alternative solutions.

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Why You Need Your Own Domain To Send Email
    * How to get started:
    * Three ways to add email to your domain and start sending emails with that address.
    * 1\. Where you bought your domain
    * 2\. Where you host your website
    * 3\. Google Suite
    * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Related Articles

* * *

## **Why You Need Your Own Domain To Send Email**

You might be thinking, "Why do I need my own domain to send email? Can't I just use my @gmail address?"

All marketing emails should be sent from a domain you own, not from a personal account at a provider domain, like @gmail, @hotmail, @yahoo, etc. or in an ISP email in some cases.

In almost all cases we've seen, those addresses can all issue a block whenever bulk email is sent from their domain. This is because the most important factor in email deliverability is domain reputation, and when you send mail from a Gmail account, you're actually using Gmail's reputation, not your own. 

**NOTE** : Even if your provider does not currently block email, it is very likely that all email providers will do so in the near future. The best way forward is to create an email address at a domain that you own, so you can start building up your own domain reputation!

Think of it this way

When you send something in the mail, a carrier (UPS, DHL, Post Office) transports it for you. But it's still coming from you, the carrier isn't just going to pick it up off the street (hopefully), and the recipient is more likely to accept a letter coming from someone they know. 

Email is much the same. HighLevel is the carrier, but it also depends on your sending reputation, and the domain email is how you build that trust.

## **How to get started:**

## Three ways to add email to your domain and start sending emails with that address.

## **1\. Where you bought your domain**

Almost all domain providers will be able to provide you with an option to add email to your purchase. Then you'll have the name@domain.com address you need, and even if you don't set up the Inbox entirely you can still set up forwarding to your normal Gmail or Yahoo address. Examples are sites like Google Domains, Namecheap, and Hover.

## **2\. Where you host your website**

Many people buy their domain the same place they host their website. BlueHost, HostGator, and GoDaddy all offer both domains and hosting so they are popular all-in-one options. Squarespace and Wix make it easy to add email to your account with options in your dashboard.

**NOTE** : For either option, the best way to find out how to do this is simply Google "website host and email account", with your host/provider in the search bar.

## **3\. Google Suite**

Did you know you can still use Gmail with your domain email? It's true! You can use G Suite to manage your domain email address, plus Google Docs, Sheets, and more! [Click here to sign up and get started](https://gsuite.google.com/), plans begin at $6/month.

* * *

## **Frequently Asked Questions**

Currently no frequently asked questions. Submit feedback on this article to help is add questions to this section!

* * *

# **Related Articles**

  * [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002369)[Setup your SMTP Providers in HighLevel](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001059689-setting-up-smtp-providers)
  * [Using Google/Gmail/Workspace as your email provider](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001148427-using-google-gmail-google-workspace-as-your-smtp-provider)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Setting Up SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/articles/48001059689-setting-up-smtp-providers)
  * [Using Google/Gmail/Google Workspace as your SMTP Provider](/support/solutions/articles/48001148427-using-google-gmail-google-workspace-as-your-smtp-provider)
  * [Setting alias for Google smtp](/support/solutions/articles/48001184605-setting-alias-for-google-smtp)
  * [Using SendGrid As The SMTP Provider](/support/solutions/articles/48001166110-using-sendgrid-as-the-smtp-provider)

## You may like to read -

  * [Setting alias for Google smtp](/support/solutions/articles/48001184605-setting-alias-for-google-smtp)
  * [Limitation of using SMTP when emails are not sending](/support/solutions/articles/48001203144-limitation-of-using-smtp-when-emails-are-not-sending)
  * [Using Zoho as your SMTP Provider](/support/solutions/articles/48001173743-using-zoho-as-your-smtp-provider)
  * [How to enable and rebill LC Email Validation](/support/solutions/articles/48001235221-how-to-enable-and-rebill-lc-email-validation)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
