Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. Sharing Social Planner Content Across Sub-Accounts via a ...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Sharing Social Planner Content Across Sub-Accounts via a Snapshot

Modified on: Tue, 18 Oct, 2022 at 11:06 AM

Reusing Social Planner content across multiple sub-accounts just got that much easier! With the power of Snapshots, you can share social calendars from within the agency settings to any sub-account.  
  
The plan is to add more features in future releases. If you have any ideas or suggestions please let us know by providing feedback within the social planner

* * *

#### **Covered in this article:**

  * #### How will it work in the Parent Location?

  * #### How will it work in Agency Settings > Snapshot?

  * #### How will it work in Child Location?

* * *

## How will it work in the Parent Sub-Account?

    The **parent sub-account** is the origin of the snapshot. Its the sub-account where the snapshot is _derived/originated_ from

  * Go to the '**Marketing** ' tab > '**Social Planner** '
  * Click on '**Create Post** ' > Select '**Upload from CSV** '
  * Select the Social (this is required for creating CSV Import)
  * Go to the CSV list, there will be a few statutes
    * **In Progress** \- The system is processing the CSV data
    * **Review and Schedule** \- CSV data is processed; this is the step it will show in Snapshot.

##   
  
How will it work in Agency Settings > Snapshot?

  * Go to '**Agency Settings** ' > '**Snapshot** '
  * '**Refresh the snapshot** ' ([See guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982583)) or '**upload the snapshot** ' ([See guide](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000982587)),
  * Once you have selected it will show in the Social Planner CSV's which are in Review and Schedule.

##   
How will it work in Child Sub-Account?

    The **Child sub-account**  is the account where you would like to upload the snapshot into

  * Go to '**Marketing** ' > '**Social Planner** ' > '**CSV (list view)** '
  * In the list view, the '**Social Planner CSV** ' of the parent location will show up.
  * Go to the CSV > click on '**Select Social for scheduling the posts'**.
  * The CSV will get processed for all the selected socials.
  * CSV will have a '**Review and Schedule** ' option once the CSV data is processed; Users can check the posts and import them out on Social Calendar.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Post Approval Flow in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/48001229834-post-approval-flow-in-social-planner)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [How to Connect TikTok in Social Planner?](/support/solutions/articles/48001227317-how-to-connect-tiktok-in-social-planner-)
  * [How to post fb stories through composer?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004059-how-to-post-fb-stories-through-composer-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
