Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  6. Move Numbers From One Twilio Account To Another

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Move Numbers From One Twilio Account To Another

Modified on: Mon, 29 Jul, 2024 at 10:57 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Step 1: Identify the Twilio account credentials
  * Step 2: To get the Account SID, click on the pencil icon on the right highlighted here:
  * Step 3: Copy the Account SID here:
  * Step 4. Once all details above are filled out, Click on Submit
  * Frequently Asked Questions

If you are not able to use our tool to move numbers ([Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001203968)), you will need to checkout the steps below:

Twilio phone numbers can be easily transferred between different projects by the Twilio Support team. To request this change, please gather the following information:

  * **Phone Number(s)** : The full phone number(s) you wish to move.
  * **Losing Account SID** : The AC SID for the project or subaccount that is giving up the phone number.
  * **Gaining Account SID** : The AC SID for the project or subaccount that will be receiving the phone number.
  * **Time frame** : The requested time frame for your change to complete (ASAP or a future date).
  * Regulatory Requirements (if required):
    * As Twilio does not transfer bundles, 

If you need to transfer a NON US / Canada number,  we will need to create a bundle/address on the project or subaccount that will be receiving the phone number.

Once the Twilio support team moves the number into the correct sub-account within your agency's Twilio account, you will see the number in HighLevel > Client Sub-Account > Settings > Phone Numbers.

# **Step 1: Identify the Twilio account credentials**

You can identify the Account SID in the Agency Settings > Phone Integration page > [](https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/phone_system)<https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/phone_integration>

E.g. If I want to move a number from the sub-account **Appointment** to **Onboarding demo snapshot** , 

# **Step 2: To get the Account SID, click on the pencil icon on the right highlighted here:**

# **Step 3: Copy the Account SID here:**

If the losing and gaining projects have different owners, Twilio will need approval from each side, so **both account owners will need to  ****[Create a support ticket with Twilio support](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360048500694-Contacting-Twilio-Support)**** **

 Subject: **Moving numbers request**

Comment:

Copy and Replace the highlighted part below:

* * *

Hi Twilio Support,

I would like to move the following phone number(s) to a new sub-account -

+1 PASTE_TWILIO_NUMBER_HERE

Losing sub-account SID - E.g. AC8a0eac4ea7651eba06137bbf1a907df62d

Gaining sub-account SID - E.g. AC8a0eac4ea7651eba06137bbf1a907df62d

Time-frame: ASAP

Please process this request at the earliest because it is business-critical for me

Thanks!

* * *

# **Step 4. Once all details above are filled out, Click on Submit**

[](https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn.freshdesk.com/data/helpdesk/attachments/production/48298328047/original/1Nida7V1MC33hMpKIS7dP3w2i2eOCS1IaQ.png?1684488407)****  

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

Currently no frequently asked questions. Submit feedback on this article to help is add questions to this section!

* * *

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Porting your telephone number (non-Twilio number) to a location](/support/solutions/articles/48001211919-porting-your-telephone-number-non-twilio-number-to-a-location)
  * [Sub-Account Transfers: Transfer Sub-account to an Existing Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000002031-sub-account-transfers-transfer-sub-account-to-an-existing-agency)
  * [Call disconnected in mobile app only](/support/solutions/articles/48001172952-call-disconnected-in-mobile-app-only)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
