Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Messaging](/support/solutions/folders/48000690075)
  6. Twilio Error 21610 "The message from/to pair violate...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Twilio Error 21610 "The message from/to pair violates a blacklist rule" when sending SMS

Modified on: Tue, 17 Aug, 2021 at 1:29 PM

The Twilio API will return this message if you attempt to send an SMS or MMS to a recipient who has previously replied to your Twilio number with one of the following keywords:

STOP

STOPALL

UNSUBSCRIBE

CANCEL

END

QUIT

In this scenario, your message would not be sent, and you would not be charged for the message attempt.

Notice: When a user opts out of a phone number that belongs to a Messaging Service, the user is also opted out to receiving all messages sent from that particular Messaging Service.

In order to successfully send messages to such recipients, they must opt into your messages by texting your number with one of the following keywords:

START

YES

Copied from <https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223133627-Error-21610-The-message-From-To-pair-violates-when-sending-SMS>

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [SMS Contains Pieces of Code](/support/solutions/articles/48000979914-sms-contains-pieces-of-code)
  * [SMS still coming from old Twilio number when I got a new one?](/support/solutions/articles/48001152123-sms-still-coming-from-old-twilio-number-when-i-got-a-new-one-)
  * [Incoming SMS only shows up in Conversation / not forwarding to the forwarding number](/support/solutions/articles/48001156789-incoming-sms-only-shows-up-in-conversation-not-forwarding-to-the-forwarding-number)

## You may like to read -

  * [SMS Not Sending / Delivering to Contacts](/support/solutions/articles/48000981696-sms-not-sending-delivering-to-contacts)
  * [How to check logs for a specific text message if you are connected to your own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001222601-how-to-check-logs-for-a-specific-text-message-if-you-are-connected-to-your-own-twilio-account)
  * [An error has occured. Please try again. Error message: The From phone number is not a valid, SMS-capable inbound phone number or short code for your account.](/support/solutions/articles/48001180919-an-error-has-occured-please-try-again-error-message-the-from-phone-number-is-not-a-valid-sms-capa)
  * [What is the file size limit of an attachment to an SMS or an Email?](/support/solutions/articles/48001208913-what-is-the-file-size-limit-of-an-attachment-to-an-sms-or-an-email-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
