Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665896)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665896)
  6. How to use Custom CSS to hide the Twilio error banner

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to use Custom CSS to hide the Twilio error banner

Modified on: Wed, 16 Oct, 2024 at 8:15 AM

If you see the banner like this one shown in the screenshot below, there is a way to hide it.

## Follow these steps to get rid of the Twillio Error banner :

First click the sub-account switcher tab located at the top left corner of the navigation side bar.

Click "Switch to Agency View" button.

Go to  "Settings" menu.

Once you're inside the settings menu, click the "Company" tab. Once done, scroll down until you find the Field that says " Custom CSS."  Copy this code and paste it in the field.  the code is : .hl_alert_twilio{display:none}

Make sure to click the "Update Company" button once you have entered the code.

Now you have successfully removed the twillio error banner. This will be applied to all the locations to hide all Twilio banners.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to validate phone numbers (SMS) ?](/support/solutions/articles/48001153968-how-to-validate-phone-numbers-sms-)
  * [How to use the client's own Twilio account for the location?](/support/solutions/articles/48001220001-how-to-use-the-client-s-own-twilio-account-for-the-location-)
  * [How to use Custom CSS to hide the Twilio error banner](/support/solutions/articles/48001232032-how-to-use-custom-css-to-hide-the-twilio-error-banner)
  * [Setting up webhooks to receive incoming calls, messages and status updates for calls (for Twilio users)](/support/solutions/articles/155000002824-setting-up-webhooks-to-receive-incoming-calls-messages-and-status-updates-for-calls-for-twilio-user)

## You may like to read -

  * [Hide The SMTP Setup Help Doc Link](/support/solutions/articles/48001065654-hide-the-smtp-setup-help-doc-link)
  * [Developer Guide for selling Web-Widgets on the App Marketplace](/support/solutions/articles/155000003915-developer-guide-for-selling-web-widgets-on-the-app-marketplace)
  * [An error has occured. Please try again. Error message: The From phone number is not a valid, SMS-capable inbound phone number or short code for your account.](/support/solutions/articles/48001180919-an-error-has-occured-please-try-again-error-message-the-from-phone-number-is-not-a-valid-sms-capa)
  * [How to add additional fields through Custom HTML/Javascript in Forms and Surveys](/support/solutions/articles/155000003042-how-to-add-additional-fields-through-custom-html-javascript-in-forms-and-surveys)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
