Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Troubleshooting Workflows](/support/solutions/folders/155000000734)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Troubleshooting Workflows](/support/solutions/folders/155000000734)
  6. Facebook Conversion API Workflow Trigger Not Working

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Facebook Conversion API Workflow Trigger Not Working

Modified on: Fri, 23 Aug, 2024 at 12:59 PM

Please make sure that you are not using the test workflow button when testing the Facebook Conversion API in Workflow.

Always save and publish and use one of these triggers to test your conversion..

Trigger should be a input trigger like

  1. Form Submission
  2. Survey submission
  3. Appointment Submission (from booking widget)
  4. 2 step order form

For appointment it will only work with

“Customer Booked appointment” not with “appointment” as appointments is general trigger and “Customer Booked appointment” is the trigger for widget

Lead value is required if you will use Purchase event of else you can keep it blank.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Facebook Conversion API Workflow Trigger Not Working](/support/solutions/articles/48001185898-facebook-conversion-api-workflow-trigger-not-working)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflows vs Campaigns/Triggers (Deprecated features)](/support/solutions/articles/48001229927-workflows-vs-campaigns-triggers-deprecated-features-)
  * [Facebook Conversions API Trigger in Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001185099-facebook-conversions-api-trigger-in-workflows)
  * [Facebook Conversion Leads Walkthrough](/support/solutions/articles/48001233833-facebook-conversion-leads-walkthrough)
  * [How to set up a Funnel Event Pixel for Facebook Conversion API?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236281-how-to-set-up-a-funnel-event-pixel-for-facebook-conversion-api-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
