Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  6. How to buy a toll free number inside GHL?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to buy a toll free number inside GHL?

Modified on: Thu, 24 Aug, 2023 at 2:48 PM

Understanding how to buy a toll-free number can be critical for your business operations. This guide provides a straightforward walkthrough on purchasing a toll-free number for your subaccounts. Equip yourself with this knowledge to enhance your customer communications strategy. 

> If the sub-account is on the LC phone, you can sign up for [Toll-Free Number Registration for LC - Phone (US/Canada)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222300) from the application. [Only applicable to US/Canada Toll-Free Numbers]  
>   
> If the sub-account is using your/their own Twilio account, you will need to contact [Twilio support](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us) to register your toll-free number.

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to Buy a Toll-Free Number?
      * Step 1. Head into your Location/ subaccount where you would like to purchase a Toll-Free number:
      * Step 2. Click on Settings at the bottom left:
      * Step 3. Click on Phone Numbers
      * Step 4. Click on Add Number
      * Step 5. Select the country you want to buy the number for from the Country dropdown:
      * Step 6. Click on filters and select the Phone Number Type as Toll-Free and hit search
      * Step 7. Select one of the phone numbers you like and hit Buy!
  * FAQs
      * 1\. What is the benefit of Toll-Free Numbers over Local/Phone numbers?
      * 2\. How can one register their US/Canada Toll-Free numbers?

* * *

# **How to Buy a Toll-Free Number?**

### **Step 1. Head into your Location/ subaccount where you would like to purchase a Toll-Free number:**

###   

### **Step 2. Click on Settings at the bottom left:**

### **Step 3. Click on Phone Numbers**

### **Step 4. Click on Add Number**

### **Step 5. Country set to United States > Click on Filter:**

### **Step 6. De-select Local & Mobile for the Phone Number Type**

  * ### **make sure only Toll-Free is selected**

  * ### **Click on Apply**

### **Step 7. Select one of the phone numbers you like and click on Proceed to Buy!**

**Toll-free numbers are numbers that begin with one of the following three-digit codes: 800, 888, 877, 866, 855, 844 or 833**

* * *

# **FAQs**

### **1\. What is the benefit of Toll-Free Numbers over Local/Phone numbers?**

Though Toll-Free numbers are high priced they have added advantages to it, please see below:

  * Increased throughput of 3 Message segment per second when compared to 1 message segment per second in case of other 10DLC numbers.the 
  * [US/Canada Only] The Toll-Free Registration helps to send at least a few messages while the registration is in progress unlike the A2P registration for 10DLC numbers.

### **2\. How can one register their US/Canada Toll-Free numbers?**

If the sub-account is on the LC phone, you can sign up for [Toll-Free Number Registration for LC - Phone (US/Canada)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222300) from the application. [Only applicable to US/Canada Toll-Free Numbers]  
  
If the sub-account is using your/their own Twilio account, you will need to contact [Twilio support](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us) to register your toll-free number.If the sub-account is on the LC phone, you can sign up for [Toll-Free Number Registration for LC - Phone (US/Canada)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001222300) from the application. [Only applicable to US/Canada Toll-Free Numbers]

If the sub-account is using your/their own Twilio account, you will need to contact [Twilio support](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us) to register your toll-free number.

* * *

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [Toll-Free Verification Guide for LC - Phone (US/Canada)](/support/solutions/articles/48001222300-toll-free-verification-guide-for-lc-phone-us-canada-)
  * [LC Phone Pricing Structure](/support/solutions/articles/48001223556-lc-phone-pricing-structure)
  * [Unregistered 10DLC Message Fees Will Increase; Register Numbers by June 1, 2023 to Avoid Higher Unregistered Messaging Fees](/support/solutions/articles/48001238099-unregistered-10dlc-message-fees-will-increase-register-numbers-by-june-1-2023-to-avoid-higher-unreg)
  * [Forbidden message categories for SMS and MMS in the US and Canada](/support/solutions/articles/48001219617-forbidden-message-categories-for-sms-and-mms-in-the-us-and-canada)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
