Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
  4. [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Memberships and Communities](/support/solutions/155000000006)
     * [Membership/Courses Sites](/support/solutions/folders/48000671055)
  6. How to Manage Comments In Memberships

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Manage Comments In Memberships

Modified on: Fri, 30 Sep, 2022 at 9:41 AM

Course creators and teachers want to know if their course is effective in helping students learn. Feedback is a critical component of learning. 

Providing timely and effective feedback helps students improve their performance and become better learners. Adding comments to your memberships will create an environment where this can be achieved.  
  
In this article, we will look into how to enable, hide and lock your membership comments. 

* * *

**Covered in this article**

#### **How to enable, hide and lock your membership comments:  **

  * #### Enable comments for _**all**_ lessons within a category.

  * #### Enabling comments for _**selected**_ lessons within a category

  * #### Filtering between products

####   
**What does each comment feature do?**

    * #### Enabled:

    * #### Hidden:

    * #### Locked:  

#### **Managing comments for all products:**

  * #### Change comments visibility from User Only to Public

  * #### Delete and restore comments:

* * *

# **How to enable, hide and lock your membership comments:  **

## **Enable comments for _all_ lessons within a category.**

Open the **Products tab** > Select an existing **Product** or **create a new one** > Click on the **comments section > **Select

the category you would like to **enable, hide  **or**  lock** comments for

##   
**Enabling comments for _selected_ lessons within a category**

Open the **Products tab** > Select an existing **Product** or **create a new one** > Click on the **comments section > **Select which lessons you would like to** ****enable, hide,  ****and****  lock****  comments within a category.**

****

##   

##   
**Filtering between products**

* * *

# **What does each comment feature do?**

### **_Enabled:_**

An "**Enabled** " comment box will be visible on the page and will show existing comments

in the thread and will give your students the ability to add new comments.  

### **_Hidden:_**

A "**Hidden** " comment box will not be visible on the page and will not show existing comments in the thread.

###   
**_Locked:_**

A "**Locked** " comment box will remove the ability for your students to add new comments, however, the existing  
comments will still be visible.

* * *

## **Managing comments for all products:**

Access your comments manager for your Products in the "**Products** " tab > Click **Products** > Click "**Manage Comments** ".

* * *

## Change comments visibility from **User Only** to **Public**  

On a particular comment in the "**comments manager** " select "**User Only** " or "**Public** " in the drop-down to change the visibility.

**User Only:  **

The comment will be visible to the __course creator__ _ __and the_ _ ___student who posted the comment__.

**Public:**

The comment will only be visible to __all  ____students__ and the __Course Creator__

##   

* * *

* * *

## **Delete and restore comments:**  
Deleting a comment:   

Click **Products** > Click **Manage Comments** > Find and select the comment you wish to delete > Click **delete**.  

### **Restore a deleted comment :  **

Click **Products** > Click **Manage Comments** > Click "**Deleted** " tab > Find and select the comment you wish to restore > Click **restore**.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Add Membership Signups To Funnel Pages](/support/solutions/articles/48001143787-add-membership-signups-to-funnel-pages)
  * [Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked & drip content](/support/solutions/articles/155000002174-courses-in-app-notifications-for-comment-unlocked-drip-content)
  * [How do first time users Set Login Password, Request Forgotten Password for their membership portal?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002847-how-do-first-time-users-set-login-password-request-forgotten-password-for-their-membership-portal-)
  * [How To Build Courses / Membership Sites](/support/solutions/articles/48001141015-how-to-build-courses-membership-sites)

## You may like to read -

  * [Courses: In-app notifications for comment, unlocked & drip content](/support/solutions/articles/155000002174-courses-in-app-notifications-for-comment-unlocked-drip-content)
  * [Conversations: Adding Internal Comments and Mentioning Users](/support/solutions/articles/155000003877-conversations-adding-internal-comments-and-mentioning-users)
  * [Facebook comments + Workflow AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000002351-facebook-comments-workflow-ai)
  * [Follow up Comment](/support/solutions/articles/48001215734-follow-up-comment)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
