Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  6. How to request a number that's not available?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to request a number that's not available?

Modified on: Mon, 29 Jul, 2024 at 10:00 AM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Step 1: Request a Twilio number that is not available
  * Step 2: If the country you want is on the list but not on Highlevel, you can buy the number through the Twilio console for the location. 
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Related Articles

#   

# **Step 1: Request a Twilio number that is not available**

Here's a list of countries supported with Twilio: <https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223183068-Twilio-international-phone-number-availability-and-their-capabilities>

# **Step 2: If the country you want is on the list but not on Highlevel, you can buy the number through the Twilio console for the location.  **

If you are on **LC phone** , please [reach out to HighLevel support](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204857). If the number is not available in the Twilio console, you can submit the [**Private Offering Form**](https://twiliodoer.secure.force.com/PrivateOffering) or [request a ticket with Twilio support](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us).

Learn more about [setting up the bundle/address when requesting a Twilio number](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-address-to-purchase-number-)

Private offerings Example:

Here's a case where we can request a number for Norway:

Twilio currently does not have these numbers in stock, they can place a number order with the Inventory Team:

Norway Mobile SMS ($12 Monthly) - Expected Delivery 1-2 Weeks

Norway Toll-Free Voice ($25 Monthly) - Expected Delivery 2-4 Weeks

Norway Local Voice ($3 Monthly) - Expected Delivery 2-3 Weeks

We will need to provide the following information:

\- The SID of the Account to be associated with the number

\- The SID of the Bundle to be associated with the number

\- The SID of the address to be associated with the number

\- Required prefix for the number (if you have a specific prefix you’d like)

\- Quantity of phone numbers (and type) to purchase

For help finding your Bundle or Address SID, please see: [How to find a BU SID or an AD SID](https://www.twilio.com/docs/phone-numbers/regulatory/getting-started/how-find-bu-sid-or-ad-sid)

If you need to create a Regulatory bundle, please see: [How to submit a regulatory bundle for Phone Number Regulatory Compliance](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-address-to-purchase-number-)

Here is also more information on Norway Regulatory Requirements. 

Twilio support generally reviews the submission within 3 business days. Once your documents have passed review, let them know so they can place an order for you for the phone number.

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

Currently no frequently asked questions. Submit feedback on this article to help is add questions to this section!

* * *

# **Related Articles**

  * [setting up the bundle/address when requesting a Twilio number](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-address-to-purchase-number-)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Purchase a Phone Number in a Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48000981420-how-to-purchase-a-phone-number-in-a-sub-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [An error has occured. Please try again. Error message: The From phone number is not a valid, SMS-capable inbound phone number or short code for your account.](/support/solutions/articles/48001180919-an-error-has-occured-please-try-again-error-message-the-from-phone-number-is-not-a-valid-sms-capa)
  * [Import Existing Twilio Numbers into HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48000981421-import-existing-twilio-numbers-into-highlevel)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
