Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. Email Builder: Understanding Advance Conditions for Smart...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Email Builder: Understanding Advance Conditions for Smart Lists and Tags

Modified on: Mon, 3 Oct, 2022 at 8:58 AM

When using Advanced Conditions, Emails are sent to contacts using Smart Lists and Tags in the Email Campaign's setting.

**Please Note:**

    Advance Conditions will **_only_** work for Schedule, Batch and RSS Email Campaign options.

**COVERED IN THIS ARTICLE:**

**How to use Advance Conditions for Smart List?**

**How to use Advance Conditions for Tags?**

* * *

##  How to use Advance Conditions for Smart List?

  1. Create New Campaign using the prebuilt templates
  2. Create the content for the Campaign
  3. Click on Send and Schedule, go to the recipient tab  

  4. Select the Smart List option:  

5\. Advance Conditions are meant to add new contacts linked to Smart List which were created between the time when the campaign was scheduled and the time that the campaign was scheduled to be sent out.  
  
**For Example,** If a Smart List named Marketing has 100 contacts when the email campaign is scheduled for January 30th. And before the scheduled date, 30 more contacts get added to that Smart List: On January 30th, the Smart List named Marketing will now have 130 contacts.  
  
So with this advanced condition, it will _allow you to add 30 new contacts to the email campaign after it had been scheduled._  

* * *

##  How to use Advance Conditions for Tags?

  1. Create New Campaign using the prebuilt templates
  2. Create the content for the Campaign
  3. Click on Send and Schedule, go to the recipient tab  

4\. Select the option of Tag  

Advance Conditions are meant to add new contacts linked to Tags that were created between send time of the campaign.  
  
**For Example,** If a Tag named Digital is linked to 1000 contacts, when the email campaign is scheduled for January 30th. And during that time, 40 new contacts are given that tag, On January 30th, 1040 contacts linked to the Digital tag will be receiving the Campaign Email.  
  
So with the advance tag condition, it will allow you to add 40 new contacts to the email campaign after Scheduling it.  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [AND/OR Filters](/support/solutions/articles/155000001247-and-or-filters)
  * [Getting Started With Smart Lists](/support/solutions/articles/48001062094-getting-started-with-smart-lists)
  * [Workflows - Advanced Filters & Smart List](/support/solutions/articles/155000003974-workflows-advanced-filters-smart-list)
  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
