Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
  4. [Content AI in Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000690217)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [AI Employee](/support/solutions/155000000184)
     * [Content AI in Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000690217)
  6. How to create a Social Post with Content AI?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to create a Social Post with Content AI?

Modified on: Mon, 3 Apr, 2023 at 4:04 PM

Content AI is an AI-powered writing assistant that can help generate content faster, easier, and better. It can be used to create content with specific tones and keywords and generate multiple variations. Content AI is an AI-powered writing assistant that can help businesses generate content more quickly, easily, and effectively.

#### **Covered in this Article:**

#### **What are the benefits of using Content AI?**

#### **How do I enable content AI?**

#### **How to create a Social Post with Content AI?**

####   
**FAQ**

#### How many tones can I generate for the content?

#### I want to check the old generate content. Where can I check it out?

#### Will the CRM provide language options in Content AI?

#### Will the CRM provide long-form content in Social Planner with Content AI?

* * *

## **What are the benefits of using Content AI?**

**10X-faster****:  **Content AI can help businesses generate content and more efficiently, allowing them to focus on other essential tasks.

**Increased productivity:** With Content AI, businesses can generate a larger content volume in less time, enabling them to produce more content and reach a wider audience.

**Improved quality:** Content AI can help businesses create better-quality content tailored to their needs and goals, resulting in more engaging and effective content. compelling

**Consistency:** Content AI can help businesses maintain a consistent tone and style across all their content, ensuring a more cohesive and professional brand image.

Overall, Content AI can be a valuable tool for businesses looking to improve their content creation process and generate high-quality, engaging content more efficiently.

* * *

## **How do I enable content AI?**

To enable Content AI, users can access the feature by going to their account settings and enabling it. 

Go to the **Agency Settings >Company> Enable Content AI to enable Content AI. **

* * *

## **How to create a Social Post with Content AI?**

AI-powered Content AI is available for Social Planner, followed by it will be everywhere for generating AI-powered content. 

**Step 1:****  Go to Marketing > Social Planner > New Post**  
****

**Please Note** - 

    Enable the permissions for users to use Content AI in sub accounts by heading to **Settings > My Staff> Edit a user> User Permissions**.

**Step 2:  **Once you create a new post with the option of Content AI. 

Next, it will ask you to write a post title, post description, keywords, tone of the content, and the number of variations.

For example, for generating the content, 

**Post Title** \- Enter the name of the topic or category of content like "Content Marketing"

**Provide a brief description about the post** \- The post description, like "short-form videos are changing the marketing trend in social media marketing strategies."

**Add Keywords** \- Enter the keyword (enter the word and hit enter) like "short-form videos, marketing, strategy, content generation."

**Writing tone** \- Choose the tone from the given options.

Choose the **Number of variations** from 1 to 5

**Step 3:** Once the form is filled, it generates variations of suggested prompts. Once you copy the variation content, it will appear on the right side of the editor space.  

**Step 4:  **If the details of the post are as per your requirements, click **Continue**.

* * *

## **FAQ**

### **How many tones can I generate for the content?**

Content AI provides funny, casual, excited, professional, witty, sarcastic, feminine, masculine, bold, dramatic, grumpy, secretive, respectful, and persuasive. 

### **I want to check the old generate content. Where can I check it out?**

To check the generated content via Content AI, go to Automation> Content AI to learn more details and see the various content generated.

### **Will the CRM provide language options in Content AI?**

Yes, we are going to expand our scope to provide a selection of languages to generate a content variation. 

### **Will the CRM provide long-form content in Social Planner with Content AI?**

Yes, we are going to expand our scope to provide long-form content in Social Planner.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to create a Social Post with Content AI?](/support/solutions/articles/48001234788-how-to-create-a-social-post-with-content-ai-)
  * [How to generate images for Social Planner using Content AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000000088-how-to-generate-images-for-social-planner-using-content-ai)
  * [How to fix grammar and spelling, make longer content and improve writing in Social Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001325-how-to-fix-grammar-and-spelling-make-longer-content-and-improve-writing-in-social-post-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to generate images for Social Planner using Content AI](/support/solutions/articles/155000000088-how-to-generate-images-for-social-planner-using-content-ai)
  * [How to create blog post outline with Content AI?](/support/solutions/articles/48001236120-how-to-create-blog-post-outline-with-content-ai-)
  * [How to fix grammar and spelling, make longer content and improve writing in Social Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001325-how-to-fix-grammar-and-spelling-make-longer-content-and-improve-writing-in-social-post-)
  * [How to Customise post for each socials?](/support/solutions/articles/155000000624-how-to-customise-post-for-each-socials-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
