Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
  4. [Other Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/48000677303)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
     * [Other Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/48000677303)
  6. How to Set Up Two Way Email Sync for Gmail

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Set Up Two Way Email Sync for Gmail

Modified on: Mon, 26 Aug, 2024 at 11:20 PM

Two-way sync for Gmail allows users to integrate their Gmail account with the CRM and enables the synchronization of emails between the two platforms. This integration creates a connection between the platforms and syncs both ways.

  * Sync inbound and outbound emails from existing contacts to GHL
  * Create contacts and add conversations seamlessly from Gmail
  * Real-time bidirectional email synchronization for improved efficiency.

#### **Covered in this Article**

#### **What is Gmail Two way sync?**

#### **Steps to connect**

#### **How does the 2-way sync work between the CRM and your email account?**

#### **Other functionalities**

#### Update Email: 

#### Disconnect Email: 

#### BCC Address 

#### Does Two-way sync only work with individual emails or bulk emails and workflows?

####   
**FAQs**

#### What happens to emails received from existing contacts?

#### Will removing a synced account delete existing emails?

#### Do new emails get synced after an account is removed?

#### Will all my existing contacts in Gmail be synced with the CRM?

#### What happens when a new email is received from a contact?

#### What happens to sent emails from the CRM or Gmail?

#### How are cc/bcc recipients handled in the sync?

#### What if a contact emails someone else but includes the CRM user?

#### How is the conversation thread managed when multiple recipients are involved?

#### What if the same contact exists in multiple locations for the same synced email address?

#### What is Auto Bcc Sync, and how does it work?

#### How is the secure connection handled if Gmail login credentials change?

#### What happens when an email is forwarded from Gmail?

#### What if there are duplicate emails with multiple contacts?

* * *

## **What is Gmail Two way sync?  
**

Gmail Two-Way Sync is a feature that enables the bidirectional synchronization of emails between Gmail and CRM. It allows users to integrate their Gmail account with the CRM, establishing a connection that keeps emails in sync across both systems. Any emails sent, received, or updated in Gmail will be automatically reflected in the CRM, and vice versa. The two-way sync ensures that users have a unified and up-to-date view of their emails, regardless of their platform. This feature streamlines email campaigns improves productivity, and ensures that important email communications are accessible in both Gmail and the CRM.

##   
**Steps to connect**

In the sub-account, go to "Settings" > "My Profile" and then the **General  **tab. Scroll down to the section **Email (2-way sync)**  

**Please Note:**

    You will only see the Profile tab if you are added to the sub account for which you are viewing at that time. You can also use the **[Login As Feature](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001223053-login-as-user-agency-admin-only-)** to login as a user of that sub account to access the **Profile tab.**

Over there, please select Gmail two sync and hit **Connect.**

It will then prompt you to choose one of the available Gmail Accounts in that browser or ask you to connect a Gmail account; select the one you need; connecting a new account will require you to enter that account's credentials in the popup.  

Connecting it will then ask you about which permissions you are allowing LeadConnector to have on your Gmail account; make sure to allow all and then hit enable continue**:**

****  

Once you hit,**Continue,  **you will see your desired Gmail account connected in the Email Two Way sync tab:  

##   

* * *

## **How does the 2-way sync work between the CRM and your email account?**

There are two cases of how the sync can be established.  
  
1\. You can email a contact from the CRM to initiate the sync between both platforms.  
2\. Gmail Sync also works if a contact that is already saved in the CRM sends an email to the User (who has Gmail Two Way sync integrated) on their Gmail Email address. The email would sync into the conversations tab.

Note: Emails from contacts who also happen to be sub-account users are not synced. Often, sub-account users are added as contacts for various purposes. Such emails are not synced as they may contain confidential information. If the email address doesn’t belong to a user, emails will sync as mentioned above.

**Please note**

    If the user is added to multiple sub accounts, and has integrated the same Gmail account for Gmail Two way sync in all those accounts, the email from the contact will go to the conversations tab of all those sub accounts, but we will only retain the instance of that contact in that sub account to which the user replies to. Sync will be broken for all other instances.The additional filter of user being assigned to the existing contact also makes sure that the conversation will not go to sub accounts that the contact does not belong to.

The sent email will show up in the sent inbox of the integrated Gmail account:  

**Please Note:**

    Gmail supports only ~500 emails per day and emails beyond that will be unsuccessful.

All subsequent messages in the email thread will be in sync. Outbound emails from your email will reflect in the CRM and vice versa. 

**Please Note:**

    The supported attachment size limit for Gmail Two way sync is** ****25 MB.**

* * *

## **Other functionalities**

### **Update Email:**  

This helps users change their connected email ID to another without disconnecting the previous connection.

New outbound emails from the CRM will start syncing with the newly added email address. Upcoming messages in the previously connected email ID (same thread) will stop syncing between the CRM & personal email. 

### **Disconnect Email:**  

This helps users to disconnect their connection and stop the sync with the CRM. Post disconnect, emails or messages will not sync between both platforms.

###   

### **BCC Address**

You can include the BCC Address in the Cc or Bcc field when sending an email from Gmail/Outlook. Doing so will automatically add the contact and conversation to your CRM, streamlining communication and ensuring all relevant data is centralized. Going forward, any emails received from this contact at the Gmail/Outlook inbox level will automatically sync with CRM.

**Please Note:**

    You may receive a "Delivery incomplete" error from Gmail when using BCC addresses. This occurs because we use BCC for logging purposes, and Gmail doesn't get a delivery receipt for BCC addresses. 
    
    Despite the error, your message might still be successfully posted to the CRM.

* * *

## **Does Two-way sync only work with individual emails or bulk emails and workflows?**

How the sender domain mapping works for different types of emails:

**Individual Email:** On connecting a personal email account (Gmail), the Gmail email ID will be considered the sender domain for the emails the user sends for individual emails. Individual emails are sent directly from Gmail when 2-way sync is activated for the user. Be aware that Google sets a limit of 500 emails daily, which applies to this functionality.

**Bulk Email:** This will continue to be sent from the sub-account level email provider. 2-way sync won't affect this.

**Workflow & Automation:** In terms of automated emails, they are not sent from the 2-way sync but dispatched from the defined sub-account level providers. This arrangement seamlessly integrates your automated CRM workflows and the email dispatch system.

**Please Note:**

     With this setup, users can leverage the 2-way sync for their one-on-one emails while also successfully sending bulk emails. The Gmail-imposed limit of 500 emails per day applies only to individual emails, so users can send bulk emails via LeadConnector/SMTP without worrying about reaching this limit. This is a thoughtful design feature, allowing users to conduct mass email campaigns without being constrained by Gmail's daily email cap.

* * *

## **FAQs**

### **What happens to emails received from existing contacts?**

All inbound emails from existing contacts will be reflected in your CRM and Gmail/Outlook inbox. This bidirectional synchronization ensures that you have a complete record of all your communication on both platforms.

### **Will removing a synced account delete existing emails?**

No, removing a synced account will not delete any existing emails. Your previously synced emails will remain intact, and the synchronization will only affect new emails sent or received after the account is removed.

### **Do new emails get synced after an account is removed?**

New emails sent or received after removing the account will not be synced between the CRM and Gmail/Outlook. The synchronization between the two platforms will continue for existing emails, and new emails will not be included in the sync.

### **Will all my existing contacts in Gmail be synced with the CRM?**

Yes, the Two-Way Sync identifies and syncs existing contacts from Gmail to the CRM. Incoming emails from these contacts are automatically populated under the respective contact, but past emails (prior to the integration being connected) cannot be synced over.

### **What happens when a new email is received from a contact?**

New incoming emails from existing contacts will be reflected as new emails in the CRM and Gmail. If the email belongs to an existing conversation thread, it will be displayed as a new email within the same thread.

### **What happens to sent emails from the CRM or Gmail?**

Outgoing emails sent from the CRM will be auto-logged in the Sent folder of the synced mail. Conversely, emails from the synced mail provider will automatically appear under the corresponding CRM contact's conversations.

### **How are cc/bcc recipients handled in the sync?**

If a user is cc'ed or bcc'ed, or included in multiple recipients in Gmail, this information is reflected under the respective contact in the CRM, ensuring comprehensive visibility of all communications. No new contacts are created for the CC and BCC email address.

### **What if a contact emails someone else but includes the CRM user?**

In this case, the email will be reflected under the CRM, associating it with the respective contact, maintaining the complete conversation history.

### **How is the conversation thread managed when multiple recipients are involved?**

In case of multiple recipients (to) in an email, the first contact becomes the conversation tab in the CRM. All subsequent emails will appear in this thread.

### **What if the same contact exists in multiple locations for the same synced email address?**

Email originating from the CRM will be reflected only in the respective location. Subsequent replies and communication should also be specific to that location. However, emails from a contact to the CRM user should be reflected in all locations.

### **What is BCC Address, and how does it work?**

You can include the BCC Address in the Cc or Bcc field when sending an email from Gmail/Outlook. This automatically adds the conversation and contact in the CRM, streamlining communication and data management.Going forward, any emails received from this contact at the Gmail/Outlook inbox level will automatically sync with CRM.

### **How is the secure connection handled if Gmail login credentials change?**

In case of changed login credentials, the CRM will require you to reauthenticate and resync the email to maintain a secure connection.

### **What happens when an email is forwarded from Gmail?**

Any forwarded email to an existing contact will be treated as a sent email and synced under that contact in the CRM.

### **What if there are duplicate emails with multiple contacts?**

Duplicate emails sent to multiple contacts will be associated with the first created contact in the CRM.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Setting Up ActiveProspect Consent Tracking On A HighLevel Form & Survey](/support/solutions/articles/48001175529-setting-up-activeprospect-consent-tracking-on-a-highlevel-form-survey)
  * [Zoom Integration for Users' Calendar Bookings](/support/solutions/articles/48001179593-zoom-integration-for-users-calendar-bookings)
  * [Google Integration going to This site can't be reached page "Check if there is a typo in highlevel-backend.appspot.com"](/support/solutions/articles/48001181602-google-integration-going-to-this-site-can-t-be-reached-page-check-if-there-is-a-typo-in-highlevel-ba)
  * [How to set up appointment reminder workflow with Zoom location](/support/solutions/articles/48001207666-how-to-set-up-appointment-reminder-workflow-with-zoom-location)

## You may like to read -

  * [Setting Up SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/articles/48001059689-setting-up-smtp-providers)
  * [Sending Priority - From Name & Address](/support/solutions/articles/48000979925-sending-priority-from-name-address)
  * [Two Way Email Sync for Outlook](/support/solutions/articles/48001229663-two-way-email-sync-for-outlook)
  * [Conversations FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002741-conversations-faqs)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
