Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
  4. [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [HighLevel Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/48000449591)
     * [Affiliates Program](/support/solutions/folders/48000666024)
  6. Affiliate Refferal Page - Leads, Customers, Cancelled Sta...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Affiliate Refferal Page - Leads, Customers, Cancelled Statuses

Modified on: Tue, 3 May, 2022 at 5:22 PM

# Introduction

Wondering which each customer status means on the referral page of your Affiliate portal or First promoter? This document will explain each status when tracking and following up with your affiliate leads.  

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Introduction
    * Where can I find the Referral page?
      * 1\. Click on Affiliate Portal
      * 2\. Click on Referrals at the top of the dashboard.
    * Your Referal Categories
      * All 
      * This shows all your affiliate customers from every referral category.
      * Lead  
      * These are customers that have only completed step one of the free trial sign-up.
      * Free / Trial  
      * Paying
      * Canceled

##   
Where can I find the Referral page?

In both First Promoter and the Affiliate Portal click Referrals at the top of the dashboard.  

#   

* * *

### 1\. Click on Affiliate Portal

### 2\. Click on Referrals at the top of the dashboard.

* * *

    Note: You can now see the First name of your Refferals in this view as well!

##   
Your Referral Categories

  * All
  * Lead
  * Free/Trial
  * Paying
  * Canceled

### All 

### This shows all your affiliate customers from every referral category.

### Lead  

### These are customers that have only completed step one of the free trial sign-up.  

### Free / Trial  

These customers have completed the sign-up, and they have active go HighLevel accounts on a free trial

These customers will have a status that says Not A customer yet. This means they are in trial and will become a customer when they pay their first subscription.

### Paying

These are your current active affiliate customers who are paying a HighLevel subscription. You are earning a commission on these customers every time they renew their subscription!

    Note: You will only earn a commission on customers who pay thier subscriptions. If customers pause, cancel, or request a refund you will not get a commission for those customers.

##   

### Canceled

These customers have canceled HighLevel subscriptions. You are currently not getting a commission on these customers. When these customers renew their subscription they will switch back to the paying category.

    Note: There is a bug where sometimes affiliate customers will cancel a Marketplace Service and the affiliate software will temporarily mark them as “cancelled”. As soon as they make their next payment for HighLevel, their account will show as “Active” again in your account. We are aware of this problem and working on a fix. Please reach out to Support if you need any help clarifying your cancelled customers.

##   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Become A HighLevel Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980325-become-a-highlevel-affiliate)
  * [Promoting HighLevel As An Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/48000980326-promoting-highlevel-as-an-affiliate)
  * [How to Set Up Affiliate Program Webhooks to Run Automations (First Promoter)](/support/solutions/articles/48001163126-how-to-set-up-affiliate-program-webhooks-to-run-automations-first-promoter-)
  * [5 Ways To Get Your First 5 Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/48001174612-5-ways-to-get-your-first-5-affiliates)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Use the Affiliate Portal: A Comprehensive Guide for Affiliates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003650-how-to-use-the-affiliate-portal-a-comprehensive-guide-for-affiliates)
  * [Affiliate Manager Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/155000003668-affiliate-manager-dashboard)
  * [How to Navigate the Affiliate Profile Page for Efficient Management](/support/solutions/articles/155000003649-how-to-navigate-the-affiliate-profile-page-for-efficient-management)
  * [Workflow Action - Add Leads under an Affiliate](/support/solutions/articles/155000003429-workflow-action-add-leads-under-an-affiliate)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
