Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Hosted Video Player For Funnels

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Hosted Video Player For Funnels

Modified on: Wed, 7 Dec, 2022 at 7:30 AM

Now upload and stream videos with an all new video Player

  * Better interface to upload, change and remove videos.
  * Play videos in different qualities (480P, 720P, 1080P and Auto).
  * Change Playback speed (0.5x 0.75x, 1x, 2x)
  * Play video as a [PiP (Picture in Picture)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Picture-in-picture)
  * Show/Hide Playback controls, Full screen options and pending time.
  * Show/Hide progress bar and disable seeking in videos.
  * Enable/Disable Autoplay
  * Supports videos **up to 4 GB** on all major formats.
  * Supported in all major browsers.

#### **Covered in this article:**

#### How to use the Hosted Video feature? (Video)

#### What do each of the toggles in the Hosted Video Element settings > Playback Controls do?

**Related Article:**  
[Tracking Viewer Progress on a Funnel Hosted Video](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001227304-tracking-viewer-progress-on-a-funnel-hosted-video)

* * *

## **How to use the Hosted Video feature? (Video)**

To make use of the Hosted Video feature, **add a video Element** to your funnel:  

Click on the Video Element, Go to **Video Settings** on the left and scroll down to **Video Type** > Choose **Hosted Video** :  
  
Then click on **Select Video  **to be taken to your **Media Library:**  
****  
  
If you do not already have the video that you need to host, Please**Upload  **it:  

**Please Note:**

    The video can be in any of the mainstream Video formats as long as it is under 4GB.

Once your video is done uploading, you can double click on the Video file to begin **Encoding  **it:  

**Please Note**

    You can learn more about why a video needs to be encoded for Video Tracking by clicking [here.](https://www.loom.com/share/a8bf99ab64e64a7ca11814dd81e56e5f?t=58) Users can retry encoding by reselecting the video if the video encoding is in failed state. All videos that are in processing for more than a day will automatically get marked as failed.  
    It is also required so that your viewers can see an option to choose between multiple video qualities. Raw videos can only play in one quality.

##   

* * *

## **What do each of the toggles in the Hosted Video Element settings > Playback Controls do?**

**Autoplay:**  
  
****  
  
**Please Note:**

    According to autoplay regulations autoplaying videos on IOS, Safari, Chrome, Android, Firefox, and Edge must start out muted. This policy is controlled by the browser manufacturers, and all video hosting services must adhere to it.  
      
    Here are links to the policy change for each browser:[](https://webkit.org/blog/6784/new-video-policies-for-ios/)  
    [Autoplaying video policy for IOS](https://webkit.org/blog/6784/new-video-policies-for-ios/)  
    [Autoplaying video policy for Safari](https://webkit.org/blog/7734/auto-play-policy-changes-for-macos/)  
    [Autoplaying video policy for Chrome](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/autoplay/)  
    [Autoplaying video policy for Android](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/autoplay-2/)  
    [Autoplaying video policy for Firefox](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Autoplay_guide)  
    [Autoplaying video policy for Edge](https://winaero.com/enable-or-disable-media-autoplay-in-microsoft-edge/#:~:text=Download%20Microsoft%20Edge-,Media%20Autoplay%20Options,-Options%20are%20as)  
    [](https://winaero.com/enable-or-disable-media-autoplay-in-microsoft-edge/#:~:text=Download%20Microsoft%20Edge-,Media%20Autoplay%20Options,-Options%20are%20as)  
      
    Chrome will rely on your viewer’s [Media Engagement Index](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/autoplay/#mei) to decide if it will autoplay a video with sound or not. Chrome calculates a media engagement score which is highest on sites where media is played on a regular basis. When it is high enough, media playback is allowed to autoplay with sound on desktop only.  
      
    Non auto-played videos start unmuted.

**Allow Play/Pause:**  
  
****

**  

Allow Playback Speed Control:  

**

**Show Pending Time:**  
****

**  
  
**

****

****

**Show Full Screen Toggle:**

****

****  
****  

**Show Progress Bar:**  
****  
  
****

**Redirect Unregistered Visitors:**  
****  
  
If people land on your website's video page directly using a URL, they may not have filled out their name and information on an Opt-in form. If you plan to track a visitors video viewing progress but they have landed on the video directly, your video progress tracking workflow would not be provided their name and details for it to give you proper stats for a named contact. The workflow would then be adding blank leads to itself.  
  
To avoid such a situation the Redirect Unregistered Visitors toggle can be used to push such visitors to another page which has an Opt-In Form so that they can fill in their name and other details, once they do that they would be brought back to the video. This redirect only pushes those visitors to your designated page that do not have any cookie attached to them which would have otherwise contained information about them.  
  
If a visitor does not allow your site to add cookies to their browser then this redirect may not work. Please be sure to specify which Step/Page you want to Redirect them to:  

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Tracking Viewer Progress on a Funnel Hosted Video](/support/solutions/articles/48001227304-tracking-viewer-progress-on-a-funnel-hosted-video)
  * [Media Library Specs & Formats](/support/solutions/articles/48001216629-media-library-specs-formats)
  * [Lead Generation with Hosted Videos Using Forms](/support/solutions/articles/155000001064-lead-generation-with-hosted-videos-using-forms)
  * [Video Element in Email Builder](/support/solutions/articles/48001202776-video-element-in-email-builder)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
