Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
  4. [Other Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/48000677303)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
     * [Other Integrations](/support/solutions/folders/48000677303)
  6. How to use WebinarKit's HighLevel Integration (Guest ...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to use WebinarKit's HighLevel Integration (Guest Tutorial)

Modified on: Tue, 8 Nov, 2022 at 9:08 AM

Webinars are great ways to share information with your audience. [WebinarKit](https://getwebinarkit.com/live/) makes webinars easier than ever by providing a simple way to create professional-looking webinars in minutes. WebinarKit gives you everything you need to make high-quality webinars fast and easy.

In this article, we'll cover how to use [WebinarKit](https://getwebinarkit.com/live/) with HighLevel

**Guest article:** <https://help.webinarkit.com/help/using-webinarkit-s-unique-highlevel-integration>

* * *

WebinarKit has built-in integration with HighLevel. This integration supports the standard features that we support with all of our other integrations.

For example, adding a contact to HighLevel when someone registers for a webinar, tagging a contact when someone attends, etc...

You can learn more about these features and our standard integration features with HighLevel here: **<https://help.webinarkit.com/help/using-webinarkit-s-3rd-party-integrations>**

WebinarKit's HighLevel integration also supports a unique feature unavailable for our other integrations: The ability to register a contact for your webinars when that contact is added to your HighLevel account.

## **How to enable the feature in WebinarKit with HighLevel  **

To get started, head over to your WebinarKit dashboard. Then open up the settings for the webinar you want new HighLevel contacts to be registered for.

Head to the "**Other** " settings page of your webinar and scroll down to "**HighLevel** " under the Integrations section. Click on the HighLevel accordion item to open up the HighLevel settings, then scroll down to the bottom.

Here you'll see a toggle button. Click the toggle button to enable this feature. When the feature is enabled, you'll also see a select dropdown allowing you to select a webinar schedule. This is important as it will determine the presentation time of the webinar your new HighLevel contacts will be registered for.

The dropdown will display all the available schedules you've already added in your webinar's settings, as well as "**just-in-time** " sessions.

Once you've selected the schedule you want contacts to be registered for, make sure you scroll to the bottom of the page and click the "**Save** " button to save your settings.

And that's it! Now, when a new contact gets added to your HighLevel account, they will automatically be registered for the webinars you have enabled this feature for!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Setting Up ActiveProspect Consent Tracking On A HighLevel Form & Survey](/support/solutions/articles/48001175529-setting-up-activeprospect-consent-tracking-on-a-highlevel-form-survey)
  * [Zoom Integration for Users' Calendar Bookings](/support/solutions/articles/48001179593-zoom-integration-for-users-calendar-bookings)
  * [Google Integration going to This site can't be reached page "Check if there is a typo in highlevel-backend.appspot.com"](/support/solutions/articles/48001181602-google-integration-going-to-this-site-can-t-be-reached-page-check-if-there-is-a-typo-in-highlevel-ba)
  * [How to set up appointment reminder workflow with Zoom location](/support/solutions/articles/48001207666-how-to-set-up-appointment-reminder-workflow-with-zoom-location)

## You may like to read -

  * [Dynamic Keyword Insertion Using URL Parameters (Guest Tutorial)](/support/solutions/articles/48001172004-dynamic-keyword-insertion-using-url-parameters-guest-tutorial-)
  * [iCloud Integration with Highlevel](/support/solutions/articles/155000001184-icloud-integration-with-highlevel)
  * [How to migrate Shopify stores to Highlevel (including products, collections, orders, contacts, and transactions)?](/support/solutions/articles/155000004056-how-to-migrate-shopify-stores-to-highlevel-including-products-collections-orders-contacts-and-tr)
  * [(Guest Tutorial) Pabbly Connect - How to integrate Facebook Leads Ads with Your Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001223700--guest-tutorial-pabbly-connect-how-to-integrate-facebook-leads-ads-with-your-sub-account)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
