Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
  4. [Facebook Integration](/support/solutions/folders/48000666319)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
     * [Facebook Integration](/support/solutions/folders/48000666319)
  6. Verifying Domains For iOS 14

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Verifying Domains For iOS 14

Modified on: Mon, 22 Mar, 2021 at 6:27 PM

Step 1: Log into your Facebook Business Manager account at <https://business.facebook.com/>

Step 2: Navigate to your client's account > Brand Safety > Domains

Step 3: Click "Add A Domain" and enter the url without the https://

Step 4: Copy the txt record shown in the DNS Verification tab

Step 5: Log into the domain's DNS manager and create a new TXT record using @ for the host name and paste the value you copied from Facebook Business Manager. Save the new record.

Step 6: Go back to Facebook Business Manager and click the Verify button.

**Verifying the root domain automatically verifies any sub.domains of that root**. In your Pixel settings, scroll down to the "Domains on your allow list" section and add your root domain. Once you save, you will see it says "yourdomain and sub-domains"

Then when you are building your Facebook ad and you enter the sub-domain the "Website url" field, it will give you the option to select the corresponding root domain in the Tracking section.

The team at [sol8.com](//sol8.com) confirms that verifying the root covers the sub-domains

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [(Guest Tutorial) Pabbly Connect - How to integrate Facebook Leads Ads with Your Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001223700--guest-tutorial-pabbly-connect-how-to-integrate-facebook-leads-ads-with-your-sub-account)
  * [A Facebook Token Has Expired In Your HighLevel Account](/support/solutions/articles/48000981594-a-facebook-token-has-expired-in-your-highlevel-account)
  * [Facebook Conversion Leads Walkthrough](/support/solutions/articles/48001233833-facebook-conversion-leads-walkthrough)
  * [Facebook Conversions API Trigger in Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001185099-facebook-conversions-api-trigger-in-workflows)

## You may like to read -

  * [WhatsApp FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/155000002698-whatsapp-faqs)
  * [Setting up of Facebook Account for Ad Manager: Default Ad manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000002434-setting-up-of-facebook-account-for-ad-manager-default-ad-manager)
  * [Instagram Direct Messages (DMs)](/support/solutions/articles/48001190003-instagram-direct-messages-dms-)
  * [Connect Facebook with Ad Manager](/support/solutions/articles/155000003044-connect-facebook-with-ad-manager)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
