Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  6. Cannot find contacts in live transfer window - warm transfer

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Cannot find contacts in live transfer window - warm transfer

Modified on: Tue, 27 Apr, 2021 at 1:53 PM

The transfer won't give you a list of contacts. The idea is that an agent is on a call with the customer already and he wants to transfer the call to his colleague.

So, for both transfers we are showing the users and the forwarding numbers from Settings->Team management.

If you only have one User:

It won't show a list of contacts (these need to be dialled), it shows the users like the test here:

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Call Events Not Working for Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981465-call-events-not-working-for-twilio)
  * [Geo Permissions Issues with Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981435-geo-permissions-issues-with-twilio)
  * [Purchase Twilio Number - "Please Select Bundle/Address to Purchase Number"](/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-bundle-address-to-purchase-number-)
  * [Phone Call Redirect Loop](/support/solutions/articles/48001076653-phone-call-redirect-loop)

## You may like to read -

  * [Outbound Calls / Softphone - How It Works](/support/solutions/articles/48000981431-outbound-calls-softphone-how-it-works)
  * [Eliza Agent Platform - Introduction and FAQs](/support/solutions/articles/48001236572-eliza-agent-platform-introduction-and-faqs)
  * [Snapshots - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000982511-snapshots-overview)
  * [Sub-Account Transfers: Transfer Sub-account to an Existing Agency](/support/solutions/articles/155000002031-sub-account-transfers-transfer-sub-account-to-an-existing-agency)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
