Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Social Planner](/support/solutions/folders/48000684282)
  6. How to Connect TikTok in Social Planner?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Connect TikTok in Social Planner?

Modified on: Thu, 9 May, 2024 at 1:57 PM

Social Planner allows users to connect TikTok accounts. Right now, we provide a connection to a personal TikTok account. TikTok business account is in Roadmap.  

* * *

## **Connect TikTok Personal Account**

### **Step 1:** First, log into**  the **account, go to Marketing, and click on the**  Social Planner.**

### **Step 2:** On Visiting Social Planner, there will be a wizard with connect option, or after visiting the overview of Social Planner will have a **Setting option (Gear icon)**

**_OR  _**

###   

**St****ep 3:** After clicking Add account, **there will be an option to add the TikTok Personal and Business  Account **  

### **Step 4:** Log into the Tiktok Business or Personal Account to integrate  for the social planner.

### 

### **Step 5:** Next step is to **choose the TikTok account  **for the Social Planner

### **Step 6:** You can manage the accounts from the Setting Icon

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to connect to your Facebook Page(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210327-how-to-connect-to-your-facebook-page-s-)
  * [Facebook Publishing Troubleshooting Guide](/support/solutions/articles/48001210328-facebook-publishing-troubleshooting-guide)
  * [How to connect to your Google My Business Location(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001210325-how-to-connect-to-your-google-my-business-location-s-)
  * [Social Planner - Image, Video, Content and API limitations](/support/solutions/articles/48001210585-social-planner-image-video-content-and-api-limitations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Direct posting for Tiktok! Forget Push Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000001554-direct-posting-for-tiktok-forget-push-notifications)
  * [How to Integrate TikTok Lead Ads](/support/solutions/articles/48001223558-how-to-integrate-tiktok-lead-ads)
  * [@Mention or Tag Profile in Social Planner](/support/solutions/articles/155000002679--mention-or-tag-profile-in-social-planner)
  * [Social Media Icons](/support/solutions/articles/155000001313-social-media-icons)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
