Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
  4. [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/155000000067)
     * [Payments](/support/solutions/folders/48000682654)
  6. Common uses cases for Payments and Invoices

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Common uses cases for Payments and Invoices

Modified on: Thu, 16 May, 2024 at 5:11 PM

Payments are used to pay for goods or services. They can be made by credit card, debit card, bank transfer, cheque, cash, or any other method of payment. Invoices are used to record the amount that has been paid for a product or service. The invoice is usually sent with the payment so that it can be tracked as part of the accounting process.

In this article we will go over some common or popular use cases for using payments and invoices:

* * *

**Covered in this article:**

  * Charging a card while on the phone with a customer without sending an invoice

  * Using invoices for recording manual payments without Stripe Connect

  * Adding ad-hoc products and services to invoices

  * How to add the card processing fee to my invoices

#### 

* * *

# **Charging a card while on the phone with a customer without sending an invoice**

### **Step 1:  **Create an invoice by selecting the contact. If the contact does not exist, add the contact on the fly.

####   

### **Step 2:** Add the product that is being sold, if the product is _not listed_ in the dropdown, choose "**Add New Item** "

####   

### **Step 3:** On the invoice builder page, instead of sending the invoice, click on the _three dots_ at the top bar. Click on "**Record Payment** "

###   

### **Step 4:** On the next modal window, choose "**Charge a card** " and on the next screen, choose "_**New Card**_ " if this is a first-time customer.

###   

### **Step 5:** If this customer has already purchased, then the saved cards section will have the card used before.

####   
**Please Note:**

#### 

     Customers being charged will _not_ recieve any automated email/text confirmation.

#   

* * *

# **Using invoices for recording manual payments _without_ Stripe Connect**

You can use invoicing solution without stripe connect as well. However, to receive any payments done via _credit/debit cards_ , Stripe Connect is needed.

**Please Note:**

     If you opt to use invoicing _without_ Stripe Connect you will are required to manually record and collect payments.  
      
    For now, recording _manual payments_ without Stripe Connect works only for **_one-time invoices._**

### **Step 1:** Navigate to Invoices under Payments Menu on the left side.

###   

### **Step 2:** The system will prompt you to add _Stripe Connect_. **Please close the popup.**  

### **Step 3:  **Proceed to create the new invoice via the "_New_ " button and choose "New Invoice". 

### **Step 4:  **On the invoice builder page, add the customer details, add the products/services sold, tax info, and discounts if any. Once you are ready click on the __three dots__ and choose the "**Record Payment** " option

### **Step 5:** Choose "_Record Manually_ "

### **Step 6:  **The next screen will show options like - Cash, Card, Check, Bank Transfer, and Other. Choose the option that applies and click "_Submit_ " on the next screen

### **Step 7:  **Now the invoice will be recorded for that customer 

#### **Please Note:**

#### 

     Customers being charged will _not_ recieve any automated email/text confirmation.

# Adding ad-hoc products and services to invoices

If you don't have the services or products created in the products area of HighLevel, and you still want to add it to the invoice, you can do so by following the steps given below.

###   

**Step 1**

Create an invoice and Click"**Add an Item** "

**Step 2**

Choose "**New Item** " to add an item that is not present in your "Products" 

**Step 3**

  * On the next screen enter the product name and the price name. 
  * If you want to save this for later use, you can select the option "**Save for later use** ". This will save this product/service in your products area.
  * Click on "**Add new item** " button to add it to the invoice

This new item will be added to your invoice and ready to be sent!

# How to add the card processing fee to my invoices

Go to Payments > Tax Settings and add a card processing fee that you would like to add charge as a "tax"

Create a new invoice and add the item that you want to charge for. 

Click on Add Tax and select the card processing fee that you configured in the tax settings and click "Save"

Once the card processing charge is added, it will show up in the invoice builder like this

Here is what the payer would see in the invoice

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)
  * [Text-To-Pay Links](/support/solutions/articles/48001202185-text-to-pay-links)
  * [How To Set Up A PayPal Integration](/support/solutions/articles/48001204158-how-to-set-up-a-paypal-integration)
  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to create invoices in HighLevel](/support/solutions/articles/48001208702-how-to-create-invoices-in-highlevel)
  * [How to Use Partial Payment for Invoices](/support/solutions/articles/155000002614-how-to-use-partial-payment-for-invoices)
  * [Auto Payments in Recurring Templates](/support/solutions/articles/48001219625-auto-payments-in-recurring-templates)
  * [Manage payment methods displayed with Stripe integration](/support/solutions/articles/155000002377-manage-payment-methods-displayed-with-stripe-integration)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
