Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
  4. [Troubleshooting Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000689)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Calendars & Appointments](/support/solutions/48000449585)
     * [Troubleshooting Calendars](/support/solutions/folders/155000000689)
  6. Why Google calendar integration breaks and how to fix it

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Why Google calendar integration breaks and how to fix it

Modified on: Tue, 23 Aug, 2022 at 9:30 AM

* * *

## **The most common reasons when Google integration breaks**

The Google connection expireS due to password change and some other reasons you can find here <https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2#expiration>

Due to the connection issue, the main (refresh) token expires. In general, in an ideal situation, the refresh token from google was never intended to expire unless these are the reasons <https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2#expiration>

You just need to reintegrate google-connection and all should be fine, it happens when google revokes our access token due to you or a user whose google account is connected changing their google password, or some change in google account.

Not just appointments, all other events/data also stay, and won’t be deleted unless the calendar is deleted, the re-integration never ever affects any existing GHL data except token refresh (oAuth).

We do not add the error banner for all the calendars, that will only be true of all the calendars with that google account synced to it and all should be fine when you reintegrate your google connection, Any of the synced appointments will not affect due to this.

### **How to fix it for an unassigned calendar:  **

If you will remove the linked calendar from the GHL calendar with the trash icon next to where you add a synced google calendar, it will remove all non-GHL events, but in this case, you don’t need that, this is just for info. 

### **How to fix it for a Group calendar:**

<https://gohighlevelassist.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/articles/48001181302-how-to-fully-re-integrate-google-calendar-for-team-member>

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Google Calendar Writer Access Error](/support/solutions/articles/48001064575-google-calendar-writer-access-error)
  * [What to do if the calendar says No slot available this month](/support/solutions/articles/48001180921-what-to-do-if-the-calendar-says-no-slot-available-this-month)
  * [How to Re-Integrate Google Calendar for a User](/support/solutions/articles/48001181302-how-to-re-integrate-google-calendar-for-a-user)
  * [Appointment timeslots that should showing but they are not / should not showing but they should be](/support/solutions/articles/48001181711-appointment-timeslots-that-should-showing-but-they-are-not-should-not-showing-but-they-should-be)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to sync HighLevel Calendars With Outlook](/support/solutions/articles/48001188796-how-to-sync-highlevel-calendars-with-outlook)
  * [Microsoft Outlook - How to Integrate Outlook with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002371-microsoft-outlook-how-to-integrate-outlook-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [iCloud - How to Integrate iCloud with HighLevel Calendars](/support/solutions/articles/155000002370-icloud-how-to-integrate-icloud-with-highlevel-calendars)
  * [How to Re-Integrate Google Calendar for a User](/support/solutions/articles/48001181302-how-to-re-integrate-google-calendar-for-a-user)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
