Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. Email Templates vs Email Campaigns

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Email Templates vs Email Campaigns

Modified on: Fri, 15 Mar, 2024 at 10:11 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * A template is a preset layout that you build your campaign on.
  * A campaign is the email message you design and send to your specific contacts or a smartlist.

The Email Marketing section has two areas: Email Templates and Email Campaigns. Email Templates are reusable layouts almost like presets when you can build emails for specific purposes (e.g. a newsletter). The Email Campaigns area is where you choose an Email Template to use, customize it as needed, and then schedule the email to be sent to a specific recipients either individually, using a smart list, or through contact tags.

You can also reuse campaigns by cloning them when sending at a later date while still maintaining the ability to customize the email before it is sent.

# **A template is a preset layout with which you can build your campaign.**

You can also create your own template to match your brand. You can insert regularly used images, videos, logos, or recurring content into your template, and reuse it for future campaigns.

### **A campaign is the email message you design and send to your specific contacts or a smart list.**

After you select a template, you'll design your campaign on top of the template layout. In Email Builder, you can duplicate, delete, and rearrange different types of element blocks quickly.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to import HTML Email Templates/ Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215400-how-to-import-html-email-templates-campaigns)
  * [How to Reschedule an Email Campaign (Email Builder)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215389-how-to-reschedule-an-email-campaign-email-builder-)
  * [How to use the Email Builder and its In-line Editor](/support/solutions/articles/155000000087-how-to-use-the-email-builder-and-its-in-line-editor)
  * [How to Import Email template(s) from Mailchimp](/support/solutions/articles/48001219298-how-to-import-email-template-s-from-mailchimp)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
