Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?

Modified on: Thu, 10 Oct, 2024 at 1:43 PM

#### Introduction

#### Create an email

#### Pre-sending Checklist.

####   
**FAQs**

  * Can I reschedule the Email Campaign? 
  * Can I send the campaign via URL and email?
  * I want to restore the older version as I have deleted or processed wrong way?

#   
**Introduction  
**

In Email Marketing, a regular email is when you send the email right away or schedule too many contacts at once. When you create a regular email, there will be the option to select the template, design the content, and choose the settings of adding receipt and delivery method (Send Now or Schedule).

    **Note:** To send an email, make sure that you have verified domain to send email.

#   

# **Create an email**

To create a regular email, follow these steps.

**Step1:  **Heading into the "**Marketing tab** " > "**Email"** >Then** ** Click the **Create Campaign button**

****

**Step 2:** The Next Step is to select the Email Template which you would like to create a Marketing Email Campaign. There is a preview option to check the template.

**  
**

** **

**Step 3:** Now it will take to the builder, where you'll design your content and place the necessary elements for campaigns. Whether you're an expert or a novice in email marketing, Email Builder gives you tools to design beautiful campaigns** **

**Step 4:  **Email builder is designed to let you work on the different parts of your email in the order you choose, and review everything at once before you send it. You need to**  click on Send or Schedule**.

# **Pre-sending Checklist.**  

  * Add your recipients in the **To** section by choosing email(s) or smartlist(s).
  * Add your email address in the **From** section. 
  * Add your name in the **Name** section(Optional)
  * Add your subject line in the **Subject** section.
  * Add your Preview text in the **Preview** section. (Optional)

The next thing is to select the option of **Send Now or Simple Schedule** in the delivery method. In Schedule option, you will be required to add the date and time (The email will be sent according to the Location timezone).

    **Note: There will be option to delete or reschedule the email campaign. If the user wants to reschedule the campaign, they can click reschedule and set the date time of the campaign. The reschedule will not be allowed before one hour of sending. For example if the schedule date is 11 AM EST, it will allow to reschedule till 10 AM EST.**   

* * *

# **FAQs**

### **Can I reschedule the Email Campaign?  
** Yes, you can reschedule the Email Campaign for Schedule before one hour of the execution date/time.  

### **Can I send the campaign via URL and email?  
**

Yes, there will be a preview available in the Statistics and the user can send the test email to check the preview. [Note: User will not be able to unsubscribe in test or preview email]

###   
**I want to restore the older version as I have deleted or processed wrong way?  
**

Yes, you can restore the older version by visiting three dots in the edit campaign. It will show in the dropdown option of See Version History to restore the older versions.  

# **  
  
**

** **

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [ClickFunnels to HighLevel (Migration Guide)](/support/solutions/articles/155000003389-clickfunnels-to-highlevel-migration-guide-)
  * [Email Builder: Understanding Advance Conditions for Smart Lists and Tags](/support/solutions/articles/48001223041-email-builder-understanding-advance-conditions-for-smart-lists-and-tags)
  * [Email Signatures](/support/solutions/articles/48000982598-email-signatures)
  * [Understanding UTM parameters for email campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/155000002929-understanding-utm-parameters-for-email-campaigns)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
