Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
  4. [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/155000000128)
     * [Funnels and Websites](/support/solutions/folders/48000666011)
  6. Shopping Cart Mode in One and Two-step Order forms (V2 Fu...

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Shopping Cart Mode in One and Two-step Order forms (V2 Funnels only)

Modified on: Thu, 23 Nov, 2023 at 2:59 PM

Shopping Cart Mode allows customers to select multiple quantities of items from your order form for eventual purchase before they enter their credit card details to complete the transaction.

* * *

#### **Covered in this Article**

#### What are the new changes in the order form?

#### How to set up a Product and Price Description **(Video)**  
How to sell multiple items?

#### How do I disable the product descriptions?  
How to sell multiple quantities of items?** (Video)**

#### How to add and or edit a product to support multiple quantities  
Average Cart value and Quantity in funnel stats:

####   
  
**FAQ**

  * #### Can I sell multiple quantities of bump products?

  * #### Does Paypal support multiple quantities?

  * #### What are the changes on the Order Confirmation page?

  * #### What are the changes in the Order Summary?

  * #### How does this affect the orders and transactions tabs in payments?

* * *

## **What are the new changes in the order form?**

  * Multiple quantities of any item can be purchased in a single order.
  * Multiple items can be purchased from a single order form along with multiple quantities in a single order. (Cart Mode)
  * Product descriptions can be disabled and enabled from the funnel builder
  * The order form can be switched between multiple and single-item purchases from the funnel builder (multi-product select)
  * Max quantity per order can be set between **1-999** in the funnel product page

##   

* * *

## **How to set up a Product and Price Description (Video)**

## 

**Related Article:**   [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204219)[How to Create and Add Products To a Funnel/ Website (Payments)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204219)

When you have a subscription (Recurring) product, the payment is split up such as setup fee, trial period, and recurring payments. The _Product description_ is a description of that price breakdown along with the number of trial days that you can choose to explain in that description. This text is auto-populated when the "**Product Description** " option is turned ON.

* * *

## **How to sell multiple items?**

“Enable Cart Mode” can be selected from the order form options to allow the sale of multiple products in one order.

Head into the **funnel builder** > Add an '**Order Form** ' Element and Click to highlight it (orange box) > In the menu settings on the left click on **'advanced tab' > **Scroll down to**  'Main Product Options' > **Enable **'Cart Mode'**

**Please note:**

    To see products in your live funnel, you must first add them: [How to Create and Add Products To a Funnel/ Website (Payments)](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204219)

**Sample order form with Cart Mode and Product Description enabled:**

##   

* * *

## **How do I disable the product descriptions?**

On the order form options in the builder, make the "Product Description" option disabled to turn off the product description for subscription products. The one-time product does not have a product description.

Head into the **funnel builder** > Click '**Order Form** ' Element to highlight it (orange box) > In the menu settings on the left click on **'advanced tab' >** Scroll down to **'Main Product Options' > **Disable **'Product Description  **

**Sample order form with Cart Mode and Product Description disabled:**

##   

* * *

## **How to sell multiple quantities of items? (Video)**

##   

**Please Note:**

    You can create a new product and enable Multiple Quantities, or edit an existing product and enable Multiple Quantities.

* * *

## **How to add and or edit a product to support multiple quantities  
**

Please click on the _specific funnel step_ where the _order form is present_ > Click on the '**Products tab** '.  

Click on edit against any product that has to be enabled for multiple quantities  

Click on the additional options and expand the options and toggle the "**Allow multiple quantities to be purchased** " ON.

Once turned on, the "**Maximum units per order** " can be set up to 999. Click "**Save** ".  

The selected quantity will populate in the order form UI in the funnel.  

## 

In the case you select a quantity greather than 10, it will let you type in the quantity:  

* * *

## **Average Cart value and Quantity in funnel stats:**

**At the funnel step level**

The total quantity of all products purchased in this funnel step is shown by **Quantity**.  

**At the product level**

The total quantity of the specific product in that funnel step is shown by **Quantity  **when you are viewing stats for that product sold.  

**Average Cart Value:**

The average purchase value of all the orders placed on this funnel is calculated by:

**_Total Amount / Total Orders_**

#   

* * *

## **FAQ**

### **Can I sell multiple quantities of bump products?**

No, this is not supported at the moment.  

### **Does Paypal support multiple quantities?**

Paypal will not support multiple quantities of recurring payment items. Paypal supports multiple quantities of single payment items and single-quantity recurring payment items.  

### **What are the changes on the Order Confirmation page?**

Order confirmation now includes the quantity column. For existing products and order forms, the quantity will be shown as 1 until multiple quantities are enabled.

###   
**What are the changes in the Order Summary?**

The order summary will also have the quantities column available as per the items selected

###   

###   

### **How does this affect the orders and transactions tabs in payments?**

Orders will now show your purchases of the main product, bump product along with quantity as one and an upsell, if any, as another order

Opening any order will also show the quantity purchased info in the order details

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 2: Adding An Up-Sell Product)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980306-two-step-order-form-step-2-adding-an-up-sell-product-)
  * [Two-Step Order Form (Step 1)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980307-two-step-order-form-step-1-)
  * [Style the Funnel](/support/solutions/articles/48000980309-style-the-funnel)
  * [Desktop View VS Mobile View (Funnels)](/support/solutions/articles/48000980310-desktop-view-vs-mobile-view-funnels-)

## You may like to read -

  * [Standard Triggers - Order Submitted](/support/solutions/articles/48001228664-standard-triggers-order-submitted)
  * [How to Set Up an E-Commerce Online Store (Websites)](/support/solutions/articles/155000001157-how-to-set-up-an-e-commerce-online-store-websites-)
  * [Trigger - Order Submitted](/support/solutions/articles/155000003535-trigger-order-submitted)
  * [Automatic abandoned cart checkout emails for online store](/support/solutions/articles/155000001718-automatic-abandoned-cart-checkout-emails-for-online-store)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
