Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. SaaS User Level Permissions Vs Sub-Account Level Permissions

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# SaaS User Level Permissions Vs Sub-Account Level Permissions

Modified on: Fri, 23 Feb, 2024 at 7:19 PM

Sub-accounts generated through SaaS Mode (meaning the account was created by someone signing up to a Stripe Subscription that was created by the SaaS Configurator in your Agency Account) are governed by a set of Sub-Account Level permissions that are determined by the feature set of each of the plans in the SaaS Configurator. (This is located in the Agency View > SaaS Configurator > Plans & Pricing tab > Edit Details button)

When the system generates the User account for the person who signed up for a SaaS Mode plan, their User Permissions are determined by the Sub-Account Level permissions.

A User cannot have more permissions than the Sub-Account Level permissions allow.

## Adjusting Sub-Account Level Permissions

To adjust Sub-Account level permissions:

  1. Go to your Agency Account (Agency View) > Sub-Accounts tab > Search for a sub-account you want to change permissions for
  2. Click the three dots > click "Manage Client" 
  3. Scroll down to the "Enable/Disable Products" section, where you can toggle on/off features. 

Toggling on a feature unlocks the corresponding User Permission, which could be activated by going into the sub-account > Settings > Team Management, where an admin can click Edit and adjust the User Permissions.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [Admin Vs. User Permissions](/support/solutions/articles/48001078296-admin-vs-user-permissions)
  * [Sub-account | Managing User Roles & Permissions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002544-sub-account-managing-user-roles-permissions)
  * [Attach SaaS Mode Subscription Plan to an Existing Client/Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001188055-attach-saas-mode-subscription-plan-to-an-existing-client-sub-account)
  * [Agency | Managing user roles & permissions](/support/solutions/articles/155000002543-agency-managing-user-roles-permissions)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
