Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  6. Inbound Calling on Mobile APP

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Inbound Calling on Mobile APP

Modified on: Wed, 26 Jul, 2023 at 6:23 PM

## 

For inbound calling to work, you must[ purchase a number ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000981420)within the sub-account and assign it to a user.

* * *

## **How to set up Inbound Call**

1\. Login into Sub-account 

2\. Head into '**settings** ' > '**My Staff** ' > Click the '**Edit** ' button 

2\. Scroll down to '**Call and Voicemail Settings** ' > Assign a Twilio number to the user

3\. Select forward calls to the mobile App

##   

##   
**How does it work?**

When the check box is selected, all the calls to the Twilio number will be routed to the mobile app. The mobile app will receive a notification and pick up a call.

#   

* * *

# **FAQ**

### **Why am I getting two calls?**

When an Inbound call is made, the call will be forwarded to the mobile APP. Inbound calls will only work if one of these three numbers is valid; ([Inbound Call Routing - Explained](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000981432-inbound-call-routing-explained))  
1\. [Call forwarding number](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained#:~:text=assigned%20this%20number\)-,Forwarding%20Number,-The%20phone%20number)  
2\. User Phone Number  
3\. Company phone numbers are valid.

###   
**If I log in to multiple devices, will I get called on all the devices?**

You will get calls simultaneously for up to 10 devices that are logged in. When any of the calls are received, the remaining will disconnect automatically. This will not work for multiple users

###   
**What if I am part of multiple subaccounts and have inbound calling enabled?**

You will only receive calls on the sub-account you switched to last. If the app is killed, the app will remember the last sub-account details, and calls will continue to come in for the last sub-account.

If you switch to a subaccount where inbound calling is not available, you won't be getting calls from any other sub-account

### **What happens when I get two calls and pick up one?**

Calls will be automatically disconnected if one of the simultaneous calls is picked either from the device or natively.  
  
[Internal Link: ](https://app.clickup.com/t/42e91h8)

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Call Events Not Working for Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981465-call-events-not-working-for-twilio)
  * [Geo Permissions Issues with Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981435-geo-permissions-issues-with-twilio)
  * [Purchase Twilio Number - "Please Select Bundle/Address to Purchase Number"](/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-bundle-address-to-purchase-number-)
  * [Phone Call Redirect Loop](/support/solutions/articles/48001076653-phone-call-redirect-loop)

## You may like to read -

  * [Mobile Apps Overview](/support/solutions/articles/155000001702-mobile-apps-overview)
  * [LC Phone Pricing Structure](/support/solutions/articles/48001223556-lc-phone-pricing-structure)
  * [Inbound Call Routing - Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48000981432-inbound-call-routing-explained)
  * [Outbound Calls using Dialer on Desktop Web App](/support/solutions/articles/48001203554-outbound-calls-using-dialer-on-desktop-web-app)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
