Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Chat Widget](/support/solutions/folders/48000667019)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Chat Widget](/support/solutions/folders/48000667019)
  6. Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Duda Website

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Duda Website

Modified on: Fri, 11 Oct, 2024 at 2:01 PM

Are you looking for an easy way to connect with your website visitors and convert them into customers? HighLevel Webchat for Duda is the perfect solution for you!  
  
In this article, we'll walk you through the steps to start with HighLevel Webchat for Duda.

* * *

#### **Covered in this article:**

####  How to obtain the embed code for web chat for the website:

#### Here are detailed steps on how to add a custom chat widget to a Duda website using different methods:

  * #### **Method 1:  **

  * #### **Method 2:**

* * *

# **How to obtain the embed code for web chat for the website:**

Copy the embed code from **Sites  **> **Chat Widget** > **Get Code**

* * *

## **Here are detailed steps on how to add a custom chat widget to a Duda website using different methods:**

### **Method 1:  **

  * Log in to your Duda account: Log in to your Duda dashboard and open your website’s editor mode.
  * Edit the site: Navigate to the site you want to add the chat widget to and click on the "Edit Site" button.

  * In the left column, click on Settings. 
  * Then, click on Head HTML.
  * Paste the embed code: Paste the chat widget's embed code into the editor.

  * Save the changes: Click on the "Save" button to save your changes.
  * Preview the chat widget: Preview your site to ensure that the widget appears in the correct location and works as expected.

* * *

### **Method 2:**

You can also add the chat widget using an HTML element In the editor. 

  * Add an HTML element: In the editor, drag and drop an HTML element onto the page where you want the chat widget to appear.
  * Open the HTML editor: Double-click on the HTML element you just added to open the HTML editor.
  * Paste the embed code: Paste the embed code for your chat widget into the HTML editor.
  * Save the changes: Click on the "Save" button to save your changes.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)
  * [Overview of Chat Widget Customizations](/support/solutions/articles/155000002960-overview-of-chat-widget-customizations)
  * [How To Automatically Add Email Addresses & Phone Numbers From FB Chat Into Contact Record](/support/solutions/articles/48001173609-how-to-automatically-add-email-addresses-phone-numbers-from-fb-chat-into-contact-record)
  * [Use Google Analytics (GA4) to Track Website and Chat Widget Activity](/support/solutions/articles/155000002178-use-google-analytics-ga4-to-track-website-and-chat-widget-activity)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Install HighLevel's Chat Widget](/support/solutions/articles/48000984860-how-to-install-highlevel-s-chat-widget)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Squarespace Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239760-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-squarespace-website)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Weebly Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239750-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-weebly-website)
  * [Add HighLevel's Chat Widget to Your Wix Website](/support/solutions/articles/48001239773-add-highlevel-s-chat-widget-to-your-wix-website)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
