Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. Perform a card Auth on your SaaS Checkout pages

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Perform a card Auth on your SaaS Checkout pages

Modified on: Tue, 11 Jan, 2022 at 3:13 PM

If you are an agency using SaaS Mode on HighLevel, you may wish to protect your SaaS offer from bad actors trying to signup for your SaaS and misusing it. One best practice is to **always** have a card auth on your SaaS checkout pages.

In this article we will discuss how to enable card auth to protect your SaaS offer from bad actors.

# Old Funnels vs New Funnels

Determine if your SaaS Offer is build using old funnels or new funnels and follow the steps below. You can find this information by going to location view -> sites -> funnels and looking at the list. 

New funnels have a version 2 tag next to the funnel name.

# Card Auth of Old Funnels

Go to your funnel step that contains your SaaS product and go to "products" tab

# Card Auth for New Funnels

Go to your funnel step that contains your SaaS product and go to "products" tab

## How does the card authorization work?

Card authorization allows your funnels to validate the funds in a card before proceeding to create a subscription. This is especially useful when you offer a free trial for your subscriptions. It deters bad actors from signing up to your platform and allows only real users with sufficient balance to proceed for the free trial.

## Will my clients be charged for this authorization?

No your clients will not be charged for the authorization because it works by creating a payment intent and immediately refunds it before the charges can be settled. It is only a way to know if the card being used is a real card with sufficient balance. 

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [Using Stripe Checkout Pages For SaaS Mode Plans](/support/solutions/articles/48001187056-using-stripe-checkout-pages-for-saas-mode-plans)
  * [How to sell SaaS in currencies other than USD?](/support/solutions/articles/155000001179-how-to-sell-saas-in-currencies-other-than-usd-)
  * [How to improve the security of my SaaS Checkout process](/support/solutions/articles/155000001180-how-to-improve-the-security-of-my-saas-checkout-process)
  * [How-to add Taxes Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001224104-how-to-add-taxes-overview)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
