Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
  4. [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reporting](/support/solutions/48000451278)
     * [Tracking & Attribution](/support/solutions/folders/48000672285)
  6. How to set up Google Ad Conversion Actions

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to set up Google Ad Conversion Actions

Modified on: Mon, 7 Oct, 2024 at 2:38 AM

Google AdWords has a feature called conversion tracking. This allows you to track the success of your ads and optimize them accordingly. It’s an essential tool for advertisers who want to maximize their return on investment (ROI).

A conversion can be a specific customer action you've defined as valuable to your business, such as an online purchase or phone call. Conversion tracking shows you what happens after a customer interacts with your ads -- whether they purchased a product, signed up for your newsletter, and called your business.

In this article, we will show you how to set up conversion tracking in Google AdWords action in workflows so that you can start optimizing your campaigns.

* * *

## **Note before getting started**** **

    1. For the most effective reporting, please make sure to set up Google Ad reporting **[[How to setup Google Ad Reporting]](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001219312-how-to-set-up-google-ad-reporting)**
    
    2. Please check that you have integrated the correct MCC id and Google Id to the location and that the email associated has the highest permissions (admin).   
      
    3. UTM Tracking template is added to Google Ad Account, in Account settings or campaign settings or ad level setup. (It can ONLY be present in one place)  
      
    [**Troubleshoot Guide For Google Ad Reporting**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001219996)

* * *

**Covered in this article:**

#### **How to set up the Google Ad Conversion Action**

#### **Step 1:** Head into your Google Adwords account and click on the Tools and Settings tab. Click on Conversions in Tools and Settings

#### **Step 2:** let's set up the Conversions goals

#### **Step 3:  **Let's give the Conversion a Name

#### **Step 4:** Select the value for your conversion. 

#### **Step 5:** Setup the conversion window and attribution model 

#### **Step 6:** Now let's create the Workflow in the System

  * #### Form Submission/Order Purchases/Survey Submission

  * #### Number Pool Calling

  * #### Chat Widget

####   
**Troubleshooting⁣**

    * I have set up my conversions. Now how do I know it's working? ⁣
    * Where can I see my conversions?⁣

* * *

# **How to set up the Google Ad Conversion Action**

##   
**Step 1:  **Head into your Google Adwords account and click on the **Tools and Settings tab. Click**** ** on**  Conversions** in Tools and Settings

Click the "**\+ NEW CONVERSION ACTION"**

To start tracking conversions, we need to choose the **import** option.

Depending on the version of your google ads account you can:

  * Either select "**Other data sources or CRMs** " and then Select "**Track conversions from clicks** "

  * Or, Select "**Manual import using API or uploads** " and then Select "**Track conversions from clicks** "

  * In the recent update you may see the below options. Select **"CRMs, files, or other data sources** " and then select "**Track conversions from clicks** ". Also under Data Source select **"Skip this step and set up a data source later".**

* * *

## **Step 2:  ****Let's set up the Conversions goals**

Select "**Converted Lead** " as the Primary option for the Goal and action optimization section below.

Few users will see google's new UI and flow. Refer to the below image for the same. You can choose the conversion goal here as **"Converted Lead"**

## **Step 3:  ****Let's give the Conversion a Name**

Please type in the name of your conversion. In this example, we are calling it "**GHL Click** ". 

**Please Note:**

    The conversion name will need to be spelled **_EXACTLY_** the same when setting up your Google AdWords action in the Workflow builder (last step).   
      
    Once you have completed this step please**  copy and paste** your **conversion name** somewhere close. This will be _used_ in a workflow trigger on the last step of this guide.

Few users will see google's new UI and flow. Refer to the below image for the same. You can add the conversion name and click on **Add**

For users with the new UI, the user needs to click on **"Settings"** for the conversion created and choose **"Conversion action settings"**  

## **Step 4:  ****Select the value for your conversion.  **

Select from: same, different, or don't use a value... **[More info](https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/3419241?hl=en)**  

Select the count, we would recommend always **choosing option "one"**. 

###   

## **Step 5:  ****Setup the conversion window and attribution model  **

1\. Set the _click-through conversion window_ to "**90 days"**

2\. Next, set the _Attribution model_ as "**First click** " or "**Latest click** " (recommended)... **[more info](https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/6259715?hl=en)**

3\. Click on **"Create and Continue"**

4\. Refer below to the screens on the new UI update

5\. Click on **Done**

* * *

## **Step 6:  ****Now let's create the[Workflow](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001179678) in the System**

Workflow can be created for Form Submission, Order Purchases, Number Pool Calling, Survey Submission, and Chat Widget.

  * #### Form Submission/Order Purchases/Survey Submission

  * #### Number Pool Calling

  * #### Chat Widget

**Please Note:**

    Every time you create a new campaign in Google, you will need to select "**other** " as your Google Adwords option in your new workflow.   

    It will take _**approximately 15-20 minutes**_ once we receive one contact with UTM source and gclid to get the list populated in workflow trigger as well as in Google Adwords Conversion.

###   

**Form Submission/Order Purchases/Survey Submission**

  * Create the Workflow
  * Select the trigger - **Form Submission, Order Form Submission,  **or**  Survey Submission**
  * Once the trigger is selected, add the **filters** with which the Form/ Order Form/ Survey and save the trigger details
  * Click on the plus icon action and select the "**add to Google Adwords** " event and select "**Other** ". Please paste the "**Conversion Name** " that was created in Google Adwords **_exactly as it is spelled_**. 
  * Please click "Save" and "Publish" your workflow  

###   

###   
**Number Pool Calling**

  * Create the Workflow
  * Select the trigger - Call Status
  * Once the trigger is selected, add the _filters_ with **Call Direction  **>**  Incoming and Pool Number** >**  Select Pool Number**.
  * [Please add the pool number script on the funnel/website in header settings]
  * Click on the plus icon action and select the "**add to Google Adwords** " event and select "**Other** ". Please paste the "**Conversion Name** " that was created in Google Adwords **_exactly as it is spelled_**. 
  * Please click "Save" and "Publish" your workflow  

###   
  
**Chat Widget**

  * Create the Workflow
  * Select the trigger - **Customer Replied Trigger**
  * Click on the plus icon action and select the "**add to Google Adwords** " event and select "**Other** ". Please paste the "**Conversion Name** " that was created in Google Adwords **_exactly as it is spelled_**.
  * Please click "Save" and "Publish" your workflow

* * *

# **Troubleshooting⁣**

⁣

### **I have set up my conversions now how do I know it's working? ⁣**

Currently, there is no way to test this event. You can always check your workflow action and check out the history tab⁣. It should show the execution for Google Adword Action.

⁣⁣

### **Where can I see my conversions?⁣**

It will take approximately 15-20 minutes to get the list populated in trigger/workflow as well as in Google AdWords Conversion. ⁣Within the 30 minutes window, you can check the workflow history.⁣  

### **Does this work with all triggers?⁣**

It **_only works_** for Form Submission, Order Purchase, Number Pool Calling, Survey Submission, and Chat Widget.

  * #### Form Submission/Order Purchases/Survey Submission

  * #### Number Pool Calling

  * #### Chat Widget

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Understanding Attribution Source (Ad Reporting)](/support/solutions/articles/48001219997-understanding-attribution-source-ad-reporting-)
  * [Understanding Google Ad Reporting Terminology](/support/solutions/articles/48001219241-understanding-google-ad-reporting-terminology)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001219312-how-to-set-up-google-ad-reporting)
  * [How to set up Google Ad Precautionary Tracking Script](/support/solutions/articles/48001219356-how-to-set-up-google-ad-precautionary-tracking-script)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - Google AdWords](/support/solutions/articles/155000003368-workflow-action-google-adwords)
  * [Glossary](/support/solutions/articles/48001231169-glossary)
  * [How to get Conversion List for Google Ads in Trigger/Workflows](/support/solutions/articles/48001203453-how-to-get-conversion-list-for-google-ads-in-trigger-workflows)
  * [Understanding Google Ad Reporting Terminology](/support/solutions/articles/48001219241-understanding-google-ad-reporting-terminology)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
