Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  6. How to Assign Twilio Phone Numbers to Users

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Assign Twilio Phone Numbers to Users

Modified on: Mon, 29 Jul, 2024 at 12:09 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Step 1. Once you Purchase a Twilio Phone Number, here's how to assign a dedicated Twilio number to each user:
  * Step 2. Once you buy the number for the user
  * Step 3. Expand Call & Voicemail Settings
  * Step 4. Click on the dropdown to Select Twilio Number
  * Step 5. To use the assigned Twilio number to initiate calls and SMS, we can add a workflow action Assign to user so the contact will be assigned to the user.
  * Step 6. You can use the following custom values in the workflow when sending sms/email:
  * Frequently Asked Questions

[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000981420)

#   

# **Step 1. Once you[Purchase a Twilio Phone Number](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48000981420), here's how to assign a dedicated Twilio number to each user:  
**

Go to location Settings > Phone numbers > Click on Add Number

# **Step 2. Once you buy the number for the user**

Go to **My Staff  **> **Team Management** > **Edit** the user you want to assign the number to

# **Step 3. Expand Call & Voicemail Settings**

# **Step 4. Click on the dropdown to Select Twilio Number**

Choose the number you bought for the user

We could only assign one Twilio number to one user. 

Once the Twilio number is assigned, all calls to that Twilio number will route to the user's phone number even if the contact is assigned to another user. 

# **Step 5. To use the assigned Twilio number to initiate calls and SMS, we can add a workflow action Assign to user so the contact will be assigned to the user.**

All calls & SMS will be using the Twilio number assigned to the user then.

# **Step 6. You can use the following custom values in the workflow when sending sms/email:**

User > Twilio Phone: {{user.twilio_phone_number}}

User > Twilio Phone raw format: {{user.twilio_phone_number_raw}}

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

**How to send from the user-assigned Twilio number for manual SMS?**

If you assigned the Twilio number to the user but SMS is still sending from the old default Twilio number instead of the Twilio number assigned to the user, please make sure you are login as the user to test SMS. 

When sending an SMS to a contact we always get the User who is Logged In to be used as the Sender, we do that because even though the Contact may be Assigned to someone else, the specific User that is there might be talking about something else, or have a different approach, therefore they will want to use their own number to get replies to.

If the user login has no Twilio number assigned, we will use the default Twilio number in the location.

**How to use this phone assignment feature for SMS/Voice capable only Twilio number setup?**

**How to use this phone assignment feature if we bought a new Twilio number and want to keep the old Twilio number to communicate with leads?**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [Common Unsuccessful SMS errors](/support/solutions/articles/48001208912-common-unsuccessful-sms-errors)
  * [Inbound Calling on Mobile APP](/support/solutions/articles/48001224659-inbound-calling-on-mobile-app)
  * [Voicemail For Company And For Users](/support/solutions/articles/48001146671-voicemail-for-company-and-for-users)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
