Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [LC Phone System](/support/solutions/folders/48000682872)
  6. How to Disable LC Phone System for your Agency

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Disable LC Phone System for your Agency

Modified on: Wed, 14 Aug, 2024 at 12:31 PM

# How to disable LC Phone

Unfortunately, there is no bulk solution for removing LC Phone from existing sub-accounts. Each sub-account currently enabled must be manually disabled one by one.  

If you'd like to disable LC Phone from a new Sub-Accounts you create, You can submit the [Disable LC Phone Form here](https://link.gohighlevel.com/widget/form/ItLl5XOY2IQcSI8iDkiR) if you want to disable LC phone for a sub-account.

Before disabling ISV, we will inform you that **All phone numbers currently in these  ****sub-accounts**** ****will be released,** but if you want to keep the phone number, please checkout [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001240107). This process, once completed, is irreversible. 

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to disable LC Phone
  * Step 1: Locate your Location ID
  * Step 2: How to get the Twilio account SID and auth token:
  * Step 3. Click Create sub-account on the top right 
  * Step 4. Copy the Account SID and auth token and submit them to the Disable LC Phone Form here
  * FAQs

* * *

# **Step 1: Locate your Location ID**

**Sub-Account ID:**  

Click on Location Settings > Business Profile to find the location ID

**Your own Twilio Account SID to replace**

**Your own Twilio Auth token to replace**

to move the subaccount to the new Twilio account with the information here:

* * *

# **Step 2: How to get the Twilio account SID and auth token:**

Once you create your own Twilio account, click Account > Sub-accounts 

# **Step 3. Click Create sub-account on the top right  **

# **Step 4. Copy the Account SID and auth token and submit them to the[Disable LC Phone Form here](https://link.gohighlevel.com/widget/form/ItLl5XOY2IQcSI8iDkiR)**

****  

## If you want to keep the number and you only need to disable LC phone for a few Sub-Accounts:

1\. Checkout [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001240107)

2\. Once Twilio support replies to you that the number has been moved, Please submit the [Disable LC Phone Form here](https://link.gohighlevel.com/widget/form/ItLl5XOY2IQcSI8iDkiR)

* * *

# **FAQs**

* * *

### **Related articles:**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How do I migrate my agency and sub-account over to LC Phone?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204027-how-do-i-migrate-my-agency-and-sub-account-over-to-lc-phone-)
  * [Why is your account suspended](/support/solutions/articles/48001207676-why-is-your-account-suspended)
  * [Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001213216-regulatory-bundle-and-address-creation-for-sub-accounts)
  * [What is LC - Phone System?](/support/solutions/articles/48001223546-what-is-lc-phone-system-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How do I migrate my agency and sub-account over to LC Phone?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204027-how-do-i-migrate-my-agency-and-sub-account-over-to-lc-phone-)
  * [What is LC - Phone System?](/support/solutions/articles/48001223546-what-is-lc-phone-system-)
  * [How to Purchase a Phone Number in a Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48000981420-how-to-purchase-a-phone-number-in-a-sub-account)
  * [Regulatory Bundle and Address Creation for Sub-Accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001213216-regulatory-bundle-and-address-creation-for-sub-accounts)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
