Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. Using Stripe Checkout Pages For SaaS Mode Plans

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Using Stripe Checkout Pages For SaaS Mode Plans

Modified on: Fri, 18 Jun, 2021 at 10:41 AM

This is an alternative to using a two-step order form to sell your SaaS plans as is outlined in the [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq) 

Step 1: Setting up your Custom SaaS plans

  1. If you haven’t gone through the saas setup doc, you can review it  here <https://youtu.be/OCQrblkyvMg>

  2. Once you’ve set up your Custom SaaS plan, click save and it will automatically save as a product inside your Stripe account

Step 2: Building your Stripe Checkout Funnel

  1. Design your funnel showcasing your custom SaaS plans.

    1. If you are new to funnels please check out our funnel builder video [https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000980305-funnel-builder-overview-full-funnel](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000980305-funnel-builder-overview-full-funnel)

  2. Hover over to the top right and click on elements, grab a button element and place them inside the funnel. 

Step: 3 Getting your Product Link

  1. Navigate over to your stripe account and Click on products on the left-hand side.

  2. Click inside one of the products and you will see “create payment link” on the right.

Click on this and it will open up the specific product.

  3. From here you can customize your payment link if desired.

    1. Example: adding a 14-day free trial

  4. Hover over to the top right and click on “create a link.”

  5. This will redirect you to another page where you can copy the link for that product.

Step 4: Configuring your Button

  1. Go back over to your funnel and click on the button element, and on the left-hand side under the general tab scroll down until you see Button Actions “LINKS TO”

  2. Click on the “Open Pop up” box and set it to the Website URL and drop your product link here.

  3. Click save

And you’re done!

So now when someone clicks on the button on your funnel page it will direct them straight to the stripe checkout!

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [SaaS Mode Sub-Accounts Are Not Being Generated](/support/solutions/articles/48001183981-saas-mode-sub-accounts-are-not-being-generated)
  * [How-to add Taxes Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48001224104-how-to-add-taxes-overview)
  * [Import Products / Price From Stripe](/support/solutions/articles/48001202184-import-products-price-from-stripe)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
