Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
  4. [TikTok](/support/solutions/folders/48000687441)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Integrations](/support/solutions/48000449584)
     * [TikTok](/support/solutions/folders/48000687441)
  6. How to Integrate TikTok Lead Ads

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Integrate TikTok Lead Ads

Modified on: Sun, 23 Apr, 2023 at 1:49 AM

**Please Note:**

    Currently multi-select options for TikTok Lead Ads are not supported as of now. This will be supported in the next few releases.  
      
    TikTok integration will not work in countries [where TikTok is banned by the government (VPN will help here).  ](https://vpnoverview.com/unblocking/censorship/access-tiktok/)  
      
    We are supporting only lead generation in-feed ads.

TikTok has become one of the fastest-growing social media platforms. Its popularity has increased exponentially over the last couple of years.  
  
The company has recently announced its intention to launch a new advertising program called TikTok Leads. This new feature allows advertisers to target their ads directly at TikTok users who have already expressed interest in their brand or service.

This article will cover how to integrate TikTok Ads into the CRM.  
  
For information on how to set up TikTok Lead Ads, please refer to their [](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article?aid=10010204)[](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article?aid=10010204)[User Guide](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article?aid=10010204).[](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article?aid=10010204)[](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article?aid=10010204)

* * *

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

How it works

How to Integrate TikTok Leads Ads

Step 1: Go to Settings

Step 2: Click on the 'integration' tab & login.

Step 3: Map Fields and or create Custom Fields

Supported Custom Fields when using TikTok Lead Ads:

Step 4: Create your TikTok Lead Ads WorkflowPlease add a Workflow trigger step 'TikTok Form Submitted'> Add Filter > Select Form

Troubleshooting

  * I see an error message No pages for this account. What should I do?
  * My TikTok 'Access Token' is expired. What should I do? 
  * I changed a question on my Lead Ad Form during a live campaign. What should I do? 
  * Can the same TikTok account ID be connected to multiple sub-accounts in HL (same agency or across different agencies) without issues?
  * What are all the permissions on TikTok that the person who connects the integration will need to maintain so that the integration token does not expire?
  * What would cause the integration token to expire, and how can we minimize it on our side to ensure a stable integration?

* * *

## **How it works**

    Once the page is connected and subscribed, you will get leads from your TikTok ads.

* * *

## **How to Integrate TikTok Leads Ads**

To enable TikTok Ads as an integration, please head into the "labs" section in your sub-account settings.

###   
**Step 1:** Go to Settings

### **Step 2:  **Click on the **'integration'** tab & login.

Now that the TikTok Integration is live in your sub-account. Please proceed to log into your _**TikTok  **__Business Account._  

 Check all permissions (enabled by default) > **Click 'confirm**.'

If you have multiple advertiser accounts, please select the advertiser account you wish to connect. 

Once the account is selected, the tab will automatically close, and your TikTok business account will be integrated.  

**Please note:  **

    If you have only _one_ advertiser account, this account will be selected by default.  
      
    You can change the advertiser account at any point in time by clicking the change advertiser account button.  

* * *

### **Step 3:  **Map Fields and or create Custom Fields

Once your Tiktok business account is connected, please navigate to the TikTok form mapping tab to see all the pages/forms you have created in the TikTok business.  

####   

Click on the '**Map Fields** ' button to map your form fields with the CRM fields. Click on Update to save your changes and subscribe to the page.

### **

**

.**Please Note:**

    Currently multi-select options for TikTok Lead Ads are not supported as of now. This will be supported in the next few releases.

### **_  
_

#### **Supported Custom Fields when using TikTok Lead Ads:**

**

### **

    - TEXT  
     - LARGE_TEXT  
    - NUMERICAL  
    - PHONE  
    - MONETARY  
    - SINGLE_OPTIONS  
    - DATE  

**

### **Step 4:  **Create your TikTok Lead Ads Workflow

Please add a Workflow trigger step '**TikTok Form Submitted** '**> Add Filter > Select Form**  

Once your Tiktok business account is connected, please navigate to the TikTok form and submit the form to see if leads are being added to the CRM.

* * *

## **Troubleshooting**

### **I see an error message No pages for this account. What should I do?**

If you encounter this error while integrating your business account, please ensure you have created an instant form in your TikTok business account. Please follow [these steps.](https://ads.tiktok.com/help/article?aid=9525)

###   
**My TikTok '_Access Token_ ' is expired. What should I do?** 

If your access token is expired, please disconnect your account from the CRM integration page. Once you re-integrated, the CRM will generate a new access token. if you continue to have this issue, please notify the support.

### **I changed a question on my Lead Ad Form during a live campaign. What should I do?**  

Let's say you updated your lead ad form within TikTok to capture a new desired response. You will need to head back into your sub-account settings and [create a custom field for the new desired response](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001223558-how-to-integrate-tiktok-lead-ads#Step-3%3A%C2%A0Map-Fields-and-or-create-Custom-Fields). Once this is complete, head back into the '**TikTok Form Fields Mapping tab** ,' hit the edit button, and select the new custom field you had just created.  
  
If you want to stop all inbound leads, toggle the status off:

### **Can the same TikTok account ID be connected to multiple sub-accounts in HL (same agency or across different agencies) without issues?  
**

Yes, as long as both accounts have the TikTok Form fields mapped.

###   

### **What are all the permissions on TikTok that the person who connects the integration will need to maintain so that the integration token does not expire?**

Only LeadConnector needs permission, which is taken care of when the integration is connected. User permissions and access are not an issue.

### **What would cause the integration token to expire, and how can we minimize it on our side to ensure a stable integration?**

TikTok grants the CRM a permanent access token, so the integration should remain intact unless manually broken off by the user. We will display an Integration expired message under the TikTok integration option in settings> Integration.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to Integrate TikTok Lead Ads](/support/solutions/articles/48001223558-how-to-integrate-tiktok-lead-ads)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Trigger - TikTok Form Submit](/support/solutions/articles/155000003262-workflow-trigger-tiktok-form-submit)
  * [How to Connect TikTok in Social Planner?](/support/solutions/articles/48001227317-how-to-connect-tiktok-in-social-planner-)
  * [Direct posting for Tiktok! Forget Push Notifications](/support/solutions/articles/155000001554-direct-posting-for-tiktok-forget-push-notifications)
  * [(Guest Tutorial) Pabbly Connect - How to integrate Facebook Leads Ads with Your Sub-Account](/support/solutions/articles/48001223700--guest-tutorial-pabbly-connect-how-to-integrate-facebook-leads-ads-with-your-sub-account)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
