Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
  4. [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [SaaS Mode](/support/solutions/48000453216)
     * [Saas Mode](/support/solutions/folders/48000676654)
  6. Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard

Modified on: Sat, 30 Jan, 2021 at 1:10 PM

• Connect your existing Stripe account to your Agency Dashboard (only create a new one only if you have to. Brand new accounts will show zeros.)

• The Agency Dashboard currently only displays products in USD. If you connect a Stripe account that has products in another currency, it will show the gross sum and mark it as USD (non-converted).

• There may be slight differences between Stripe’s MRR calculation and what displays in the HighLevel dashboard, but the two should be very close. The discrepancy is caused by a slight difference in how HighLevel calculates the average number of days in a year vs leap year and how Stripe does it.

• The HighLevel dashboard shortens and rounds monetary amounts. For example, if your Stripe account reports $3,232, it will display in the HighLevel dashboard as $3.23k.

See also: "[How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](https://gohighlevelassist.freshdesk.com/a/solutions/articles/48001171910)"

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [SaaS Mode - Full Setup Guide + FAQ](/support/solutions/articles/48001184920-saas-mode-full-setup-guide-faq)
  * [Best Practices For Using Stripe With Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171909-best-practices-for-using-stripe-with-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [Activate SaaS Mode, Request Payment, and Configure Phone Rebilling](/support/solutions/articles/48001177740-activate-saas-mode-request-payment-and-configure-phone-rebilling)

## You may like to read -

  * [How To Connect Stripe To Your Agency Dashboard](/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard)
  * [How to improve the security of my SaaS Checkout process](/support/solutions/articles/155000001180-how-to-improve-the-security-of-my-saas-checkout-process)
  * [How to resell Marketplace Apps](/support/solutions/articles/155000001220-how-to-resell-marketplace-apps)
  * [How to resell WordPress to your clients](/support/solutions/articles/48001199647-how-to-resell-wordpress-to-your-clients)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
