Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How to import HTML Email Templates/ Campaigns

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to import HTML Email Templates/ Campaigns

Modified on: Wed, 14 Jun, 2023 at 1:45 PM

Are you tired of manually building email templates on different platforms, or do you happen to have several go-to templates? 

With the HTML Email builder, you can effortlessly import your pre-existing email templates from various systems. This convenient feature saves you time and energy, as you can manage all your email campaigns in one unified platform while utilizing your top-performing emails.

* * *

#### **Covered in this article:  **

#### Steps to Use HTML Email Templates/Campaigns

  * #### For Templates

  * #### For Campaigns

####   

#### Relevant Help Docs

* * *

# **Steps to Use HTML Email Templates/ Campaigns**

The user will be required to visit the **Marketing > Email Builder**.

# **For Templates**

  1. The user needs to click Create New Template.
  2. In the dropdown, there are 3 options. Select the option of Blank Template from the three options.

3\. There will be a popup window with the option of Design Editor (drag and drop builder) and Code Editor (HTML builder). The user needs to select the Code Editor.

 4\. Once the Code Editor opens, please paste HTML in the Editor area to get the preview.

* * *

# **For Campaigns**

  1. The user needs to click Create Campaign.

2\. There will also be a screen with a list of all the templates and blank campaigns. Select the option of Blank Campaign to go forward.

3\. There will be a popup window with the option of Design Editor (drag and drop builder) and Code Editor       (HTML builder). The user needs to select the Code Editor.

 4\. Once the Code Editor opens, please paste HTML in the Editor area to get the preview.

* * *

### **_Help Docs_**

  * **[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001215382?portalId=48000045315)**[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001215382?portalId=48000045315)[**Preview And Test Your Email Campaign/Templates**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001215382?portalId=48000045315)
  * **[Email Templates vs. Email Campaigns](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001215255?portalId=48000045315)**
  * [](http://Email%20Builder%20Overview)[](http://Email%20Builder%20Overview)[**Email Builder Overview**](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001223005?portalId=48000045315)
  * **[How to use RSS Blocks in the Email Builder](https://help.gohighlevel.com/a/solutions/articles/48001201780?portalId=48000045315)**
  * **[How to Import Email Template(s) from Mailchimp](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001219298)**
  * **[How to import Email Template(s) from ActiveCampaign](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001223010)**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Import Email template(s) from Mailchimp](/support/solutions/articles/48001219298-how-to-import-email-template-s-from-mailchimp)
  * [How to import Email Template(s) from ActiveCampaign](/support/solutions/articles/48001223010-how-to-import-email-template-s-from-activecampaign)
  * [Setting Up SMTP Providers](/support/solutions/articles/48001059689-setting-up-smtp-providers)
  * [Share Email Template across Agencies](/support/solutions/articles/155000002945-share-email-template-across-agencies)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
