Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  6. How to Fix Bad Call Quality

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Fix Bad Call Quality

Modified on: Thu, 16 May, 2024 at 7:02 PM

Good call quality is crucial for any business relying on VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) technology. Bad call quality can lead to frustration, misunderstandings, and lost business opportunities. This article will explore possible causes of bad call quality and provide steps to improve it.

**Covered in this Article:**

#### **Interpreting Call Error Codes**

  * #### On WebApp

  * #### On Mobile App

####   
If you are using **_LC Phone System_**

  * #### Step 1 - Check the quality of your internet connection

  * #### Step 2 - Check VoIP Compatibility

  * #### Step 3 - Check your Computer (or mobile) hardware

####   
If you are using your own **_Twilio Account_**

  * #### Twilio isn't able to help me. What are my options?

    * #### Option 1 - Move to LeadConnector Phone System

    * #### Option 2 - Look for Configuration Issues

* * *

## **Interpreting Call Error Codes**

### ** _On WebApp_**

If you're having issues with call quality during a call, you'll likely see an error code at the top of your HighLevel dashboard. You can [view the meaning of each error code here](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/insights/call-quality-events-twilio-client-sdk#network-warnings).

The most common errors are: 

high-rtt - Round-trip-time (RTT) is the network's latency measure. Higher latency can result in perceptible delays in audio.

high-jitter - Jitter is the measure of variability at which packets arrive at the SDK sensors. High jitter can result in audio quality problems on the call, such as crackling and choppy audio.

high-packet-loss - Packet loss is measured as the percentage of packets sent but not received at the SDK sensors. High packet loss can result in choppy audio or a dropped call.

### **_On Mobile App_**

###  The HighLevel, LeadConnector or your Whitelabel Mobile App has safety built-in to notify your clients when bad call quality is experienced. 

### high-rtt: We detect high round-trip time on this network. You might experience perceptible delays.

low-mos: The call quality on this network might be affected.

high-jitter: We detect high jitter on this network. You could experience choppy audio or crackling noises.

high-packet-loss: We detect high jitter on this network. You could experience choppy audio or crackling noises.

* * *

# **If you are using _LC Phone System_**

As the LeadConnector Phone System is relatively new, we are continually monitoring the quality of the user experience. We have periodic surveys that ask for feedback on the call’s quality. This is super important and necessary to developing and honing this feature. The surveys will show up every four calls as long as the feedback is submitted. This will become less frequent as time goes on as we collect more data and improve the app. Thank you for helping us work towards a more seamless system. 

In our experience, in most cases, the reason for bad call quality is a bad internet connection or a bad router. 

##   
**Step 1 - Check the quality of your internet connection**

VoIP breaks audio data into small chunks called packets to transfer them over the internet. This means a bad internet connection or a router might affect your audio quality. 

Please head over to <https://speed.cloudflare.com/> and do a test. 

It is recommended to have at least a 50MBPS uplink/downlink connection with a jitter of less than 10ms and Ping of less than 40ms. If you have an inferior connection to the mentioned specs, you may need to upgrade your internet or router. 

##   

## **Step 2 - Check VoIP Compatibility**

You can check the VoIP compatibility of your internet connection by heading over to - [](https://networktest.twilio.com/)[](https://test.webrtc.org/)<https://test.8x8.vc/>

If you see any warnings (_like in the example above_), you may need to upgrade your internet, router, or computer to improve your call quality. 

##   
**Step 3 - Check your Computer (or mobile) hardware**

VoIP connections require your computer to perform heavy computations; therefore, if you are using an old machine, it is expected to have problems with VoIP call quality.

* * *

# **If you are using your own Twilio Account**

If you are using your own Twilio account, you need to open a ticket to determine the cause of bad call quality with Twilio.

Also, be sure to run: <https://networktest.twilio.com/>

<https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360021745354-Troubleshooting-Audio-Quality-Issues-on-Twilio-Voice-Calls>

##   

* * *

## **Twilio isn't able to help me. What are my options?**

### **Option 1 -** Move to LeadConnector Phone System

    Moving to LeadConnector Phone System might save you a lot of trouble that comes with managing Twilio as it is completely managed by HighLevel. [How to Migrate an Agency and Sub-Account to LC - Phone?](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001204027)

### **Option 2 -** Look for Configuration Issues

Log in to your Twilio account -> View Sub-accounts -> Select Sub-account -> Monitor -> Loges -> Errors and check if you have any common errors listed there. 

Once you have identified the root cause for the error, your call experience should improve significantly.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Call Events Not Working for Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981465-call-events-not-working-for-twilio)
  * [Geo Permissions Issues with Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981435-geo-permissions-issues-with-twilio)
  * [Purchase Twilio Number - "Please Select Bundle/Address to Purchase Number"](/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-bundle-address-to-purchase-number-)
  * [Phone Call Redirect Loop](/support/solutions/articles/48001076653-phone-call-redirect-loop)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Action - IVR Connect Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000003371-workflow-action-ivr-connect-call)
  * [Voicemail For Company And For Users](/support/solutions/articles/48001146671-voicemail-for-company-and-for-users)
  * [Calls Not Recording](/support/solutions/articles/48001076526-calls-not-recording)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
