Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665896)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [General](/support/solutions/folders/48000665896)
  6. How to validate phone numbers (SMS) ?

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to validate phone numbers (SMS) ?

Modified on: Tue, 30 Jul, 2024 at 12:22 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * Step 1: Switch to the location account level -> Go to Settings -> Business Info -> General
  * Step 2: Go to Agency Settings -> Twilio -> A new column called SMS Validation
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Related Articles

Number validation refers to the process of verifying the authenticity and correctness of a phone number, specifically in the context of SMS. It ensures that the phone number you are trying to reach is valid and capable of receiving SMS messages. The validation process involves checking the format of the phone number and verifying its existence with the telecommunication provider.

__

________

__If SMS Validation has been activated, we will check Twilio Lookup (charges per lookup) to see if the number is a landline and won't send any messages to it.

Twilio Lookup also invalidates numbers that are badly formatted or don't exist.

Validation is only performed when an SMS is queued before sending, not during Contact Import/Creation. If the number is identified as a landline number, we will not send even the first message to the carriers.

Validation only needs to be activated in HighLevel to function (it is on by default in Twilio).__

##   

# **Step 1: Switch to the location account level - > Go to Settings -> Business Info -> General**

# **Step 2: Go to Agency Settings - > Twilio -> A new column called SMS Validation**

PLEASE NOTE: Phone number validation is a paid service from Twilio. You can [view pricing for "Carrier Lookup" here](https://www.twilio.com/lookup).

__

* * *

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

Currently no frequently asked questions. Submit feedback on this article to help is add questions to this section!

* * *

# **Related Articles**

More Tutorials from the Community

<https://youtu.be/-Pn3Yc4hp9s>

<https://youtu.be/hK2iVen3J-0>

<https://youtu.be/j-CCz1xVi0s>

<https://youtu.be/D-AIlzqn5GE>

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [How to validate phone numbers (SMS) ?](/support/solutions/articles/48001153968-how-to-validate-phone-numbers-sms-)
  * [How to use the client's own Twilio account for the location?](/support/solutions/articles/48001220001-how-to-use-the-client-s-own-twilio-account-for-the-location-)
  * [How to use Custom CSS to hide the Twilio error banner](/support/solutions/articles/48001232032-how-to-use-custom-css-to-hide-the-twilio-error-banner)
  * [Setting up webhooks to receive incoming calls, messages and status updates for calls (for Twilio users)](/support/solutions/articles/155000002824-setting-up-webhooks-to-receive-incoming-calls-messages-and-status-updates-for-calls-for-twilio-user)

## You may like to read -

  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [How to restore a deleted Twilio number](/support/solutions/articles/48001232056-how-to-restore-a-deleted-twilio-number)
  * [How to use the client's own Twilio account for the location?](/support/solutions/articles/48001220001-how-to-use-the-client-s-own-twilio-account-for-the-location-)
  * [How to Disable LC Phone System for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001231698-how-to-disable-lc-phone-system-for-your-agency)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
