Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Calling](/support/solutions/folders/48000665895)
  6. Outbound Calls / Softphone - How It Works

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Outbound Calls / Softphone - How It Works

Modified on: Wed, 18 Oct, 2023 at 6:17 PM

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

    * Blind Transfer
    * Warm Transfer
  * FAQs:
    * 1\. If I log in as the user with an assigned Twilio number, why are calls going from the default Twilio number?
    * 2\. Why Call disconnected in mobile app only?
    * 3\. I can't dial out from the sub-account, call drops right away when I try to call out using the dialer
    * 4\. Why I Cannot find contacts in live transfer window - warm transfer?

## Blind Transfer

Search Contact, click on the Contact to **Transfer & End** the current call

## Warm Transfer

Search Contact, click on the Contact to **Call & Hold **the current call, once they pickup, we can merge them.

# FAQs:

## 1\. If I log in as the user with an assigned Twilio number, why are calls going from the default Twilio number?

Calls will be dialed out from the user-assigned Twilio number only if the user has only assigned data enabled and the user role is User. 

If the user doesn't have only assigned data enabled and the user role is an Admin, we will use the default Twilio number to call. To switch the number to use for outbound calls, once we click on the dialer, we can select the Twilio number from the **Call from** dropdown here:  

## 2\. Why [Call disconnected in mobile app only](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001172952)?

## 3\. I can't dial out from the sub-account, call drops right away when I try to call out using the dialer

Check out [Troubleshooting Outbound Calls using Dialer on Desktop Web App](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001203554)

## 4\. Why I [Cannot find contacts in live transfer window - warm transfer](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001181939)?

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Call Events Not Working for Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981465-call-events-not-working-for-twilio)
  * [Geo Permissions Issues with Twilio](/support/solutions/articles/48000981435-geo-permissions-issues-with-twilio)
  * [Purchase Twilio Number - "Please Select Bundle/Address to Purchase Number"](/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-bundle-address-to-purchase-number-)
  * [Phone Call Redirect Loop](/support/solutions/articles/48001076653-phone-call-redirect-loop)

## You may like to read -

  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)
  * [How to Enable Call Transcriptions for Recorded Calls](/support/solutions/articles/155000002841-how-to-enable-call-transcriptions-for-recorded-calls)
  * [Workflow Action - Log External Call](/support/solutions/articles/155000002930-workflow-action-log-external-call)
  * [LC Phone Pricing Structure](/support/solutions/articles/48001223556-lc-phone-pricing-structure)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
