Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
  4. [Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/48000666397)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Workflows](/support/solutions/48000455132)
     * [Workflow Triggers](/support/solutions/folders/48000666397)
  6. Triggers - Overview

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Triggers - Overview

Modified on: Mon, 4 Mar, 2024 at 12:26 AM

## **Note** : Now that Workflows are live in all accounts, you can do everything that Triggers and Campaigns do (and more!), all in one builder! [Click to learn more about Workflows](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001179678-workflow-builder-overview).

Triggers are conditional statements (similar to Zaps in Zapier) that connect all the different modules of HighLevel together. Think of triggers as the wiring or 'secret sauce' in the back-end making all the cool things HighLevel does actually happen.

_Example:_

Let's say you have set up a Zap in Zapier to push leads into a HighLevel campaign when they fill out a form embedded in a ClickFunnels landing page. You also want to send an SMS notification to your client to let them know when this happens (the equivalent to letting them know they have a new lead)

How would we do this?

**Answer** : Set up a trigger!

**Create, Name and Activate Triggers  
  
** Follow the steps below to create, name and activate a trigger:

  1. Click Triggers
  2. Click + New Basic Rule
  3. Choose a trigger from the Choose a trigger dropdown and add all the necessary filters
  4. Click +Add action
  5. Choose an action from the Choose a action dropdown and all the necessary filters
  6. Name the Trigger in the Trigger name field
  7. Click the Draft dropdown and click Activate

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Triggers - Overview](/support/solutions/articles/48000982202-triggers-overview)
  * [Duplicating Triggers](/support/solutions/articles/48000982205-duplicating-triggers)
  * [Trigger/workflow - Email/SMS Notifications to Client/Yourself (New Lead)](/support/solutions/articles/48000982203-trigger-workflow-email-sms-notifications-to-client-yourself-new-lead-)
  * [Send Contact Info To Google Sheets Via Webhooks & Zapier](/support/solutions/articles/48001062709-send-contact-info-to-google-sheets-via-webhooks-zapier)

## You may like to read -

  * [Workflow Trigger - Email Events](/support/solutions/articles/155000002678-workflow-trigger-email-events)
  * [Workflow Trigger - Contact Engagement Score](/support/solutions/articles/155000003496-workflow-trigger-contact-engagement-score)
  * [Trigger - Estimates](/support/solutions/articles/155000003704-trigger-estimates)
  * [Workflow Trigger - LinkedIn Lead Form Submitted](/support/solutions/articles/155000003497-workflow-trigger-linkedin-lead-form-submitted)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
