Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
  4. [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Phone System](/support/solutions/48000415161)
     * [Phone numbers](/support/solutions/folders/48000691614)
  6. Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts

Modified on: Fri, 6 Sep, 2024 at 10:12 AM

# **How to move numbers across sub-accounts**

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

  * How to move numbers across sub-accounts
    * Step 1. Click on Settings
    * 2\. Click on Phone Integration
    * 3\. Click on Move Numbers
    * 4\. Now you can move numbers across sub-accounts
    * 5\. Click on Move numbers and you will be able to see the moved number in the destination sub-account!
  * Types of Number Transfers:
    * Twilio to Twilio
    * Twilio to LC Phone
    * LC Phone to Twilio
    * LC Phone to LC Phone
  * Possible reasons why we can't move the numbers:
    * 1\. If you are connected to your own Twilio account, The number you are trying to move might be under a different Twilio master account.
    * 2\. The number you are trying to move requires the bundles and addresses verified at the subaccount level.
    * 3\. If you are on LC Phone and the tool isn't moving the numbers
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Related Articles

* * *

## **Step 1. Click on Settings**

Quick path: [](https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/twilio)<https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/phone_integration>

###   

## **2\. Click on Phone Integration**

## **3\. Click on  ****Move Numbers**

****  

###   

## **4\. Now you can move numbers across sub-accounts**

###   

## **5\. Click on Move numbers and you will be able to see the moved number in the destination sub-account!**

# Types of Number Transfers:

  * ## Twilio to Twilio

    * the Use internal Move Numbers tool
  * ## Twilio to LC Phone

    * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001240108)

  * ## LC Phone to Twilio

    * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001240107)

  * ## LC Phone to LC Phone

    * Use the internal Move Numbers tool

# **Possible reasons why we can't move the numbers:**

## 1\. If you are connected to your own Twilio account, The number you are trying to move might be under a**  different Twilio master account.**

If you are using your own Twilio account, but in some sub-accounts your client sign up for their own Twilio account:

To perform this action, both Twilio account owners will need open a ticket with Twilio support here:

[Moving Twilio Phone Numbers to another Twilio Account](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223135327-Moving-Twilio-Phone-Numbers-to-another-Twilio-project)

You can identify the Account SID in the Agency Settings > Twilio page > [](https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/twilio)[](https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/phone_integration)<https://app.gohighlevel.com/settings/phone_integration>

[Create a support ticket with Twilio support](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360048500694-Contacting-Twilio-Support) with the following details:

Email Subject: **Moving numbers request**

Email Template:

Hi Twilio Support,

I would like to move the following phone number(s) to a new sub-account -

__****+1 PASTE_TWILIO_NUMBER_HERE**  **__

Losing sub-account SID - **__E.g. AC8a0eac4ea7651eba06137bbf1a907df62d < Replace the Twilio sub-account SID where the number is currently in__** 

Gaining sub-account SID - **__E.g. AC8a0eac4ea7651eba06137bbf1a907df62d < Replace the Twilio sub-account SID here where the number should be moved to__**

Time-frame: ASAP

Please process this request at the earliest because it is business-critical for me

Thanks!

## 2\. The number you are trying to move **requires the bundles and addresses verified at the subaccount level**.

E.g. Australian number +61.

We will not be able to move these types of numbers. To move the number, please set up a bundle/address in the destination subaccount: [Purchase Twilio Number - "Please Select Bundle/Address to Purchase Number"](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48000981437-purchase-twilio-number-please-select-address-to-purchase-number-)

After the steps are done in the article above, please [create a support ticket with Twilio support](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360048500694-Contacting-Twilio-Support) using the template above.

Error: Request failed with status code 400

## 3\. If you are on LC Phone and **the tool isn't moving the numbers**

Check out

  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001240108)
  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001240107)

If both sub-accounts are on LC Phone and the tool isn't working, please[ contact HighLevel support ](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001204857-ways-to-get-highlevel-support-24-)to move the numbers for you, provide the location id of the numbers you are trying to move from and to

**Moving number is:  **

**Location id where the number is in:  **

**Location id where you want to move the number to:  **

Once you provide us with the information above, we will be able to identify the account SID and submit this in the escalation notes for the specialist to create a ticket with Twilio.    

* * *

# **Frequently Asked Questions**

Currently no frequently asked questions. Submit feedback on this article to help is add questions to this section!

* * *

# **Related Articles**

  * [](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/155000002369)[Moving numbers from one Twilio account to another](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001177283)

###   

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Moving numbers out of an LC Phone Sub-account to the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240107-moving-numbers-out-of-an-lc-phone-sub-account-to-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving numbers to an LC Phone Sub-account from the client's own Twilio account](/support/solutions/articles/48001240108-moving-numbers-to-an-lc-phone-sub-account-from-the-client-s-own-twilio-account)
  * [Moving Numbers tool across sub-accounts](/support/solutions/articles/48001203968-moving-numbers-tool-across-sub-accounts)
  * [Phone Number Settings Explained](/support/solutions/articles/48001229976-phone-number-settings-explained)

## You may like to read -

  * [Move Numbers From One Twilio Account To Another](/support/solutions/articles/48001177283-move-numbers-from-one-twilio-account-to-another)
  * [How to Disable LC Phone System for your Agency](/support/solutions/articles/48001231698-how-to-disable-lc-phone-system-for-your-agency)
  * [How to use the client's own Twilio account for the location?](/support/solutions/articles/48001220001-how-to-use-the-client-s-own-twilio-account-for-the-location-)
  * [How do I migrate my agency and sub-account over to LC Phone?](/support/solutions/articles/48001204027-how-do-i-migrate-my-agency-and-sub-account-over-to-lc-phone-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
