Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
  4. [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Settings](/support/solutions/48000449595)
     * [Agency Settings](/support/solutions/folders/48000666029)
  6. Login As User (Agency Admin Only)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# Login As User (Agency Admin Only)

Modified on: Mon, 14 Oct, 2024 at 3:28 AM

**Please Note**

    This is accessible for _Agency Admin users_ only. Users with other roles will not see this option. 

This feature allows _Agency Admins_ to step in as their Users whether that is to troubleshoot, configure, update settings or respond to a customer as the user they logged in as. Earlier agency admins had to log out & log in multiple times to make any changes in their users’ accounts or to respond on behalf of their customers.

In this article, we will cover how to switch between users:

* * *

#### **Covered in this article:**

#### **What is the Login As User Feature?**

#### **Who can access this?**

#### **How to use this feature?**

####   
**FAQ**

####  How do audit logs register the changes made by the Agency Admin when logged in as the user?

* * *

## **What is the Login As User Feature?**

The _log-in as a User  _feature allows agency admins to access a sub-account as a user without requiring the user's login credentials.  

* * *

## **Who can access this?**

This feature can be accessed by Agency admin users only. Users with other roles will not be able to see this option.

Below is the step by step process to login as a user as an agency admin :

**Step 1 :  **Click the Profile Icon located at the top right corner.  

**Step 2 :  **Click "Login as" button to select the user account you want to access.  

**Step 3 :  **Selecting the User : You can either type the name of the user or email address in the search bar. Alternatively, you scroll through the list to find out the user you want to login with.

* * *

## **How to use this feature?**

On logging in as a different user, the agency admin can make all the changes in the account which they previously needed the user to be logged in as themselves to do.  

The switch account option also provides the Agency Admin the ability to get redirected to the agency admin account from the user’s account.  
  
This feature also comes with its own Search functionality which you can use to search for a user's email address or name to be able to log in as them.

* * *

# **FAQ**

### **How do audit logs register the changes made by the Agency Admin when logged in as the user?**

In this first phase of this release, we will capture the account user’s details (not agency admin’s) as a change log on the Audit Log page. The next phase of this release when it is developed will capture the agency admin & the account user’s details on Audit Logs.  
  
See [this part of the video above](https://www.loom.com/share/05e907acc85741ff8986d490fe9b0bf0?t=207) for more details.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [An Inside Look at Agency Company Settings: What You Need to Know](/support/solutions/articles/48000982604-an-inside-look-at-agency-company-settings-what-you-need-to-know)
  * [How to Configure Brand System-Generated Links (API Domain)](/support/solutions/articles/48001143244-how-to-configure-brand-system-generated-links-api-domain-)
  * [How To Upgrade To The HighLevel Pro Plan](/support/solutions/articles/48001180534-how-to-upgrade-to-the-highlevel-pro-plan)
  * [How to Delete a Sub-Account/Locations](/support/solutions/articles/48001184862-how-to-delete-a-sub-account-locations)

## You may like to read -

  * [Agency Rolled-up Reporting](/support/solutions/articles/48001224166-agency-rolled-up-reporting)
  * [SaaS User Level Permissions Vs Sub-Account Level Permissions](/support/solutions/articles/48001184431-saas-user-level-permissions-vs-sub-account-level-permissions)
  * [24/7 Customer Support Options](/support/solutions/articles/155000000969-24-7-customer-support-options)
  * [Troubleshooting Login issues](/support/solutions/articles/48001207047-troubleshooting-login-issues)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
