Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
  4. [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Marketing](/support/solutions/48000449565)
     * [Email Builder](/support/solutions/folders/48000676548)
  6. How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)

Modified on: Fri, 16 Sep, 2022 at 7:04 AM

# **Introduction.**

RSS enables you as a business owner to deliver updates and newly published blog content via email. And, rather than sending an email every time a blog is published—which may annoy your user base—you can send periodic RSS emails or newsletters that provide an overview of blog content those user base may have missed out on. 

#### ****

What is RSS?

Creating an RSS email

Pre-sending Checklist. 

**FAQ**

Why are there multiple entries of the RSS Campaign in the List?  
I would like to edit the copy of the RSS Campaign, is it possible? I don't want the statistics to get affected  
How can I reschedule RSS email campaign?

#   

## **What is RSS?**

RSS is an acronym that stands for "_Really Simply Syndication"_. An RSS feed makes it easy for customers to receive updates and view a curated range of content in one place. But what is an RSS email?   
  
In the Email Marketing, when you create an RSS email, there will be the option to select the template, design the content, and choose the settings of adding receipt and delivery method as RSS Scheduling for daily, weekly and more.   

    **Note:  -**To send an email, make sure that you've **created an email template** to send campaign
          -To send an email, make sure that you have **verified the domain** to send email[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001201780-rss-blocks-in-email-builder)

**  
**

**RSS Setup Documentation  **-

[](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001201780-rss-blocks-in-email-builder)<https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001201780-rss-blocks-in-email-builder>

* * *

#   
**Creating an RSS email**

To create an RSS email, follow these steps.

## 1\. Click the **Create  Campaign**

## 2\. Next Step is to select the [Email Template](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001171463) which you would like to create a Marketing Email Campaign. 

There is a preview option to check the template.

## 3\. Whether you're an expert or a novice in email marketing, Email Builder gives you tools to design beautiful campaigns. 

Now it will take to the builder, where you'll design your content and place the necessary elements for campaigns. You need to click on Send or Schedule.  

## 4\. Email builder is designed to let you work on the different parts of your email in the order you choose, and review everything at once before you send it.

You need to click on **Send** or **Schedule**.

# **Pre-sending Checklist**. 

There are a few things left to do before sending the RSS email campaign.

**Step 1:** Add your recipients in the **To** section by choosing email(s) or smartlist(s).

**Step 2:**  Add your email address in the **From** section. 

**Step 3:**  Add your name in the **Name** section (Optional)

**Step 4:**  Add your subject line in the **Subject** section.

**Step 5:**  Add your Preview text in the **Preview** section. (Optional)

### In the **"Sending options"  **located on the left of the image above, select "**RSS option"** and complete the steps below**   
**

**Step 6:** The next thing is to select the option of **RSS in the delivery method.**  

**Step 7:** Your **RSS Feed URL  **

**Step 8:** Choice of **Daily, Weekly, and Monthly  **

**Step 9:** The **time** when the RSS Email campaign is to be sent out

**Step 10:** Uncheck the day's from the week when you don't want to send the RSS Email Campaign

It will highlight the next execution date and time with time zone too.  
  
**Please Note:**

    **-****Please check the details of the execution date, time, and time zone before scheduling!**
    
    - There will be an option to delete or [reschedule](http://How%20to%20reschedule%20email%20campaign?) the email campaign. If the user wants to reschedule the campaign, they can click reschedule and set the date-time of the campaign. 
    
    - The reschedule will be allowed before **one hour** of sending the email campaign. _For example if the schedule date is 11 AM EST, it will allow us to reschedule till 10 AM EST._
    
    - There will be _RSS Email Campaign has pause option_ will be available. 

#   

**FAQ**

### **Why are there multiple entries of the RSS Campaign in the List?**

Yes, there will be multiple RSS Campaign entries with each showing the details of statistics.

###   
**I would like to edit the copy of the RSS Campaign, is it possible? I don't want the statistics to get affected**

Yes, you can edit the copy of the Ongoing RSS Campaign by clicking Update Email Content. Once you edit the copy before the execution date, please click save edits. Note: It is not necessary for the copy will get updated but we try to update before the execution queue initiate in the server.

### **How can I reschedule RSS email campaign?**

Rescheduling of Email Campaign is possible for Simple Schedule, Batch Schedule, and **RSS Schedule before one hour (60mins) ahead of the execution date.  **

The user will be required to visit the Marketing > Email. Please visit the Email Campaign tab, it will have a list of Email Campaigns listed with Simple Schedule, RSS Schedule and Batch Schedule which can be rescheduled before one hour of execution date/time.

In the action button, there will be the option of Reschedule Campaign. The user can make the changes to the details of the Schedule and change the delivery model. Once the changes are done, the user is required to mark it as the rescheduled campaign to save the settings.

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Email Templates vs Email Campaigns](/support/solutions/articles/48001215255-email-templates-vs-email-campaigns)
  * [How to send a Regular Email Campaign (Send Now or Schedule)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215263-how-to-send-a-regular-email-campaign-send-now-or-schedule-)
  * [How-to Send RSS Email Campaign(s)](/support/solutions/articles/48001215372-how-to-send-rss-email-campaign-s-)
  * [How to Schedule Batch Email Campaign(s)?](/support/solutions/articles/48001215379-how-to-schedule-batch-email-campaign-s-)

## You may like to read -

  * [RSS Blocks In Email Builder](/support/solutions/articles/48001201780-rss-blocks-in-email-builder)
  * [Different Email Sending/ Delivery Method(s) - Send Now, Schedule, Batch, RSS Schedule](/support/solutions/articles/48001215384-different-email-sending-delivery-method-s-send-now-schedule-batch-rss-schedule)
  * [How to Set Up an RSS Feed for Blogs](/support/solutions/articles/48001231723-how-to-set-up-an-rss-feed-for-blogs)
  * [RSS Email Body showing HTML tags?](/support/solutions/articles/48001202219-rss-email-body-showing-html-tags-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
