Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
  4. [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Sites](/support/solutions/48000449581)
     * [Blog](/support/solutions/folders/48000686613)
  6. How to Add Author(s) to The Blog Builder

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to Add Author(s) to The Blog Builder

Modified on: Thu, 24 Nov, 2022 at 1:09 AM

Every blog can be written by authors who are marketers, contributors, or content specialists. Authors should be added first in the blog builder _(as shown in this article)_ **before** they can be selected as authors for the _[blog post.](https://help.gohighlevel.com/en/support/solutions/articles/48001220286)_

**Please Note:**

    Category, Keywords, Author, and Slug **CANNOT** be updated _after_ the blog has been published. The developers working on a solution which will be released soon

* * *

## **How to add authors to the blog builder?**

Click on **"Sites" > Blogs > Settings **(cog)

### Click on "**Author** " tab located on the left side **>** "**\+ Add new author** "  

### Add your**  author name, photo, image alt text, social pages, **and**  author description > **Click on**  "+ Create Author" **once you are ready

**Note - Supported Image size for Author is 10MB**

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [What has changed in Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002447-what-has-changed-in-blog-)
  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [How to Customize Blog Design and Layout](/support/solutions/articles/155000002449-how-to-customize-blog-design-and-layout)
  * [How to create Blog Post?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002450-how-to-create-blog-post-)

## You may like to read -

  * [How to Create a Blog?](/support/solutions/articles/155000002448-how-to-create-a-blog-)
  * [Default Blog Flow - Getting Started with Blogs](/support/solutions/articles/48001220286-default-blog-flow-getting-started-with-blogs)
  * [How to Preview Blog Post](/support/solutions/articles/48001220291-how-to-preview-blog-post)
  * [Add Blog Post Element in Funnel(s) step or Website(s) page](/support/solutions/articles/155000002776-add-blog-post-element-in-funnel-s-step-or-website-s-page)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
