Skip to main content

[ HighLevel Support Portal ](https://help.gohighlevel.com)

  * [ Home ](/support/home)
  * [ Knowledge base ](/support/solutions)

  * [Login](/support/login)
  * [Sign up](/support/signup)
  * 

  1. [Home](/support/home)
  2. [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
  3. [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
  4. [Online Listings](/support/solutions/folders/48000682876)
  5. ... 
     * [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
     * [Reselling Products](/support/solutions/48000454568)
     * [Online Listings](/support/solutions/folders/48000682876)
  6. How to sell Yext as part of a SaaS Offer

All  Articles 

Recent Searches

Clear all

No recent searches

Popular Articles

* * *

Articles

[View all](/support/search/solutions)

* * *

Topics

[View all](/support/search/topics)

* * *

Tickets

[View all](/support/search/tickets)

Sorry! nothing found for   

# How to sell Yext as part of a SaaS Offer

Modified on: Tue, 28 Jun, 2022 at 9:26 AM

If you are an agency already doing [SaaS](https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001184920) you may wish to leverage Yext reselling to add value to your plans (especially to your higher plans). 

* * *

**Covered in this article**

How do I resell Yext as part of a SaaS Offer? 

How will my Client set up Yext after purchasing my SaaS Plan?

How do I see which locations signed up for my Yext Offer?

* * *

# To resell Yext as part of a SaaS Offer, follow the instructions below

# Pre-requisites

  1. You must be on the pro plan and have your plans configured on the SaaS Configurator. Refer to this article for help - <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001184920>
  2. You must have your Stripe account connected to the agency level. Refer to this article for help -  <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001171910-how-to-connect-stripe-to-your-agency-dashboard> 

    **Important:**  
     Please note that once the Agency Stripe account is connected, it can not be changed later. So please ensure that you are connecting the right Stripe account to your agency.

    Yext offers a community for users to learn all the different ways they can use their platform.  
      
    The [**Yext’s hitchhikers Course**](https://hitchhikers.yext.com/)** ** contains everything you need to start making great search experiences.  
      
    Join a community of people who share their knowledge and experience with others. You can get help from experts in your field by joining online communities.

#   
How do I resell Yext as part of a SaaS Offer? 

Head over to Agency view -> Reselling tab -> Re-sell Yext Listing card

Check the box that says "Offer Yext as part of a SaaS Plan" and select the plan(s) you wish to offer this on.

Hit "**save** " 

    **Important**  
     Please note that when you select a plan, all higher plans are offered Yext automatically. For example, if you select "Standard Plan and Above" in the dropdown, your professional plan & premium plans will automatically have the Yext offer enabled. 

# How will my Client set up Yext after purchasing my SaaS Plan?

All other steps for setting up Yext, managing yext, client notifications, etc will remain the same as discussed in this article - <https://help.gohighlevel.com/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc> 

    This setting will not affect your existing clients and will only apply to new SaaS clients you sign up in future (after making the changes shown above) 

# How do I see which locations signed up for my Yext Offer?

Head over to Agency view -> Agency Settings -> Click on Billing

Was this article helpful?

No  Yes 

That’s Great!

Thank you for your feedback

Sorry! We couldn't be helpful

Thank you for your feedback

Your e-mail address *

Let us know how can we improve this article! *

Need more information 

Difficult to understand 

Inaccurate/irrelevant content 

Missing/broken link 

Select at least one of the reasons 

Please give your comments 

CAPTCHA verification is required. 

Cancel  Send 

Feedback sent

We appreciate your effort and will try to fix the article

[Print](javascript:print\(\))

## Articles in this folder -

  * [Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc](/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc)
  * [How to Resell Yext Listings to Your Clients](/support/solutions/articles/155000001901-how-to-resell-yext-listings-to-your-clients)
  * [How to deploy Yext directly without charging the client?](/support/solutions/articles/48001210774-how-to-deploy-yext-directly-without-charging-the-client-)
  * [How to sell Yext as part of a SaaS Offer](/support/solutions/articles/48001209150-how-to-sell-yext-as-part-of-a-saas-offer)

## You may like to read -

  * [HighLevel Listings](/support/solutions/articles/48000984066-highlevel-listings)
  * [Online Listing Overview & Setup Doc](/support/solutions/articles/48001196389-online-listing-overview-setup-doc)
  * [How to Resell Yext Listings to Your Clients](/support/solutions/articles/155000001901-how-to-resell-yext-listings-to-your-clients)
  * [How to deploy Yext directly without charging the client?](/support/solutions/articles/48001210774-how-to-deploy-yext-directly-without-charging-the-client-)

**X**

0 of 0 []()

[Home](/support/home) [Knowledge base](/support/solutions)
